
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.480517                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                480517157000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               52389184479001                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 157341                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   283973                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              281197709                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1817880                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1708.82                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   268868537                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     485260210                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     10231360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          10231360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     10297984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       10297984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       159865                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             159865                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       160906                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            160906                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     21292393                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             21292393                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     21431043                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            21431043                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0     42723436                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            42723436                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     159865                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    160906                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   159865                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  160906                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               8876544                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                1354816                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                9704192                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               10231360                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            10297984                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                 21169                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                 9281                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             6222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             5088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             5873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             3394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             3413                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             4787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             1635                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             2694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             5870                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            15494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           13400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           17129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           12536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           20799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            8064                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           12298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             6458                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             5913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             6233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             3679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             3850                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             4904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             1713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             2834                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             6149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            15790                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           13600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           17800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           12938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           25855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            8136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           15776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 480517094000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               159865                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              160906                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 137927                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                    764                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                  1463                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                  1506                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                  9118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                  9309                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                  9333                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                  9324                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                  9344                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                  9333                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                  9320                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                  9317                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                  9300                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                  9288                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                  9285                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                  9278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                  9273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                  9269                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                  9269                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                  9269                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       131349                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   141.467632                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   107.602508                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   133.536523                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        74385     56.63%     56.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        34650     26.38%     83.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        13631     10.38%     93.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4624      3.52%     96.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2024      1.54%     98.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          844      0.64%     99.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          482      0.37%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          312      0.24%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          397      0.30%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       131349                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9269                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.963534                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     4.288522                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-1             38      0.41%      0.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2-3             61      0.66%      1.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4-5            172      1.86%      2.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::6-7            214      2.31%      5.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8-9            354      3.82%      9.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::10-11          363      3.92%     12.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::12-13          758      8.18%     21.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::14-15         2941     31.73%     52.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16-17         3276     35.34%     88.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::18-19          693      7.48%     95.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::20-21          128      1.38%     97.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::22-23           62      0.67%     97.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::24-25           36      0.39%     98.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::26-27           22      0.24%     98.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::28-29           20      0.22%     98.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::30-31           22      0.24%     98.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::32-33           17      0.18%     99.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::34-35           28      0.30%     99.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::36-37           23      0.25%     99.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::38-39           18      0.19%     99.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::40-41           12      0.13%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::42-43            5      0.05%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::44-45            2      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::46-47            1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::48-49            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::52-53            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::56-57            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total         9269                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9269                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.358615                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.338462                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.841570                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16            7750     83.61%     83.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17              38      0.41%     84.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18            1214     13.10%     97.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19             227      2.45%     99.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20              29      0.31%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21               9      0.10%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::23               1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::25               1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total         9269                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  2446400739                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             5046950739                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 693480000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    17638.58                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               36388.58                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       18.47                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       20.20                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    21.29                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    21.43                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.40                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   56115                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 102868                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                40.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               67.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                   1498006.66                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   54.76                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy               376858440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy               205627125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy              330462600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy             291088080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy         31703630400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy         57537751680                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        240765339000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          331210757325                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           682.352928                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 399509065252                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  16045640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  64965768248                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy               765691920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy               417788250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy              907647000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy             821372400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy         31703630400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy         93901194945                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        208867581750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          337384906665                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           695.072771                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 346443516250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  16045640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 118031159000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     14116224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          14116224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     14183296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       14183296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       220566                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             220566                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       221614                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            221614                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     29377149                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             29377149                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     29516732                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            29516732                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1     58893880                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            58893880                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     220566                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    221614                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   220566                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  221614                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               9128384                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                4987840                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               10191360                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               14116224                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            14183296                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                 77935                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                62379                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             6948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             4968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             5377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             2553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             2734                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             5024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             1280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             2864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             5864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            15485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           13337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           17154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           12942                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           25735                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            7905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           12461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             7176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             5507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             5917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             2767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             2917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            10240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             1454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             2969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             6148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            15742                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           13504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           17636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           13144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           29901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            7964                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           16254                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 480517230500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               220566                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              221614                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 141907                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                    720                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                  1831                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                  1881                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                  9537                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                  9782                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                  9769                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                  9763                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                  9747                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                  9757                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                  9736                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                  9737                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                  9732                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                  9715                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                  9708                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                  9704                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                  9705                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                  9703                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                  9701                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                  9701                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       141190                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   136.837340                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   105.430240                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   126.375506                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        81100     57.44%     57.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        37423     26.51%     83.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14230     10.08%     94.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4823      3.42%     97.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1802      1.28%     98.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          775      0.55%     99.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          433      0.31%     99.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          269      0.19%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          335      0.24%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       141190                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9701                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.703020                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     4.169543                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-1             48      0.49%      0.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2-3            106      1.09%      1.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4-5            175      1.80%      3.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::6-7            214      2.21%      5.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8-9            242      2.49%      8.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::10-11          374      3.86%     11.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::12-13         1274     13.13%     25.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::14-15         3265     33.66%     58.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16-17         2987     30.79%     89.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::18-19          643      6.63%     96.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::20-21          143      1.47%     97.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::22-23           46      0.47%     98.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::24-25           26      0.27%     98.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::26-27           27      0.28%     98.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::28-29           19      0.20%     98.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::30-31           19      0.20%     99.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::32-33           22      0.23%     99.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::34-35           19      0.20%     99.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::36-37           18      0.19%     99.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::38-39           15      0.15%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::40-41            6      0.06%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::42-43            4      0.04%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::44-45            5      0.05%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::46-47            1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::50-51            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::58-59            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::62-63            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total         9701                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9701                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.414803                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.392370                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.893668                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16            7828     80.69%     80.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17              26      0.27%     80.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18            1618     16.68%     97.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19             192      1.98%     99.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20              25      0.26%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21               7      0.07%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::23               3      0.03%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::28               1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::34               1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total         9701                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  2570294479                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             5244625729                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 713155000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    18020.59                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               36770.59                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       19.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       21.21                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    29.38                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    29.52                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.40                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   55293                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 105392                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                38.77                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               66.19                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                   1086700.51                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   53.23                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy               395093160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy               215576625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy              319121400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy             311688000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy         31703630400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy         58027859910                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        240335419500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          331308388995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           682.554066                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 398802489501                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  16045640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  65670699749                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy               818392680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy               446543625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy              947879400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy             847616400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy         31703630400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        102978256275                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        200905247250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          338647566030                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           697.674073                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 333116646249                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  16045640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 131357417001                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                       967077854                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                     416960                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                       880985                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses               865008                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                   387                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                      25935                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts        57943                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                      865008                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                          387                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads            1748810                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes            707009                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                 622                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                354                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads              465468                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes             269851                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                       209849                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     128538                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                     81311                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              963454913.231816                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              3622940.768184                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.003746                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.996254                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                            91710                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                10279      1.17%      1.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                   656215     74.48%     75.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    1738      0.20%     75.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                     2688      0.31%     76.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                    239      0.03%     76.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  128538     14.59%     90.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                  81311      9.23%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                    881008                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                       963171661                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  265733936                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                    479165725                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            269537252                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses             270602519                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                    9864338                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     14997192                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   269537252                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                    270602519                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          512482315                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         176043682                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads           446698678                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes          249457043                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           106891468                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           82960905                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     84020227                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   62866121                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  21154106                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              6020762.503827                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              957150898.496173                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.993749                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.006251                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         27044796                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                10648      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                244762842     51.08%     51.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                    2435      0.00%     51.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                     1748      0.00%     51.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd              150367922     31.38%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                62866121     13.12%     95.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               21154106      4.41%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                 479165822                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                       959561326                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                     380896                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                       807333                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses               791539                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                    33                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                      22253                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts        58281                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                      791539                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                           33                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads            1597046                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes            651253                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                  14                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                 25                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads              451871                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes             242543                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                       190195                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     117765                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                     72430                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              955760286.840197                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              3801039.159803                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.003961                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.996039                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                            87644                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                12210      1.51%      1.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                   599101     74.21%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    1626      0.20%     75.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                     4188      0.52%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                     17      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  117765     14.59%     91.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                  72430      8.97%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                    807337                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                       960927282                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    1021928                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      1982569                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              1951950                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1778                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                      41868                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       160449                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     1951950                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                         1778                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads            3971935                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           1590098                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                2988                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes               1416                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             1136102                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes             660338                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                       454345                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                     279733                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    174612                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              952902244.863385                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              8025037.136615                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.008351                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.991649                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                           218206                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                20525      1.04%      1.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  1497914     75.55%     76.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                    2428      0.12%     76.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                     6103      0.31%     77.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   1344      0.07%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                  279733     14.11%     91.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 174612      8.81%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   1982659                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  101                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 101                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                 585                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                585                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq                18                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp               18                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          258                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          334                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          310                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           34                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          162                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          260                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          472                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          264                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    1408                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           26                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           11                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          516                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          569                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          556                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          602                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           81                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          653                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          556                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     2408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                83000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                32496                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy              120000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy              277499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              313995                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy              313498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy              325498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy                9998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy              249500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy              236000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy              368000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy              210000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           33                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes       135168                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           33                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  2                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  19                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                 954413                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.005842                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 0.213969                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |      953567     99.91%     99.91% |         102      0.01%     99.92% |         114      0.01%     99.93% |         207      0.02%     99.96% |         383      0.04%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                   954413                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples    462091886                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000660                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   462091685    100.00%    100.00% |         201      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total    462091886                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples      462091886                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.099839                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.004558                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         3.853900                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |   462054703     99.99%     99.99% |       17433      0.00%    100.00% |       15513      0.00%    100.00% |        1538      0.00%    100.00% |        1992      0.00%    100.00% |         565      0.00%    100.00% |          77      0.00%    100.00% |          61      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total        462091886                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    461614682                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   461614682    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    461614682                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       477204                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    97.677555                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    81.719122                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    71.030302                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |      440021     92.21%     92.21% |       17433      3.65%     95.86% |       15513      3.25%     99.11% |        1538      0.32%     99.43% |        1992      0.42%     99.85% |         565      0.12%     99.97% |          77      0.02%     99.99% |          61      0.01%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       477204                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.incomplete_times_seqr        96797                      
system.ruby.Directory.incomplete_times_seqr       380407                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_hits       723848                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_misses        34048                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_accesses       757896                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_hits    458482562                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_misses       355108                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_accesses    458837670                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_hits       656478                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_misses        34053                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_accesses       690531                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_hits      1751794                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_misses        53995                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_accesses      1805789                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers0.percent_links_utilized     0.017673                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Control::2        34048                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Data::2         6648                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        61288                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3        33890                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Control::2       272384                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Data::2       478656                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      4412736                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3       271120                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.percent_links_utilized     0.184616                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Control::2       355108                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Data::2       342161                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       367527                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       354580                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Control::2      2840864                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Data::2     24635592                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     26461944                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2836640                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.percent_links_utilized     0.017812                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Control::2        34053                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Data::2         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Data::4        62456                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3        34421                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Control::2       272424                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Data::2       433152                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      4496832                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3       275368                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.percent_links_utilized     0.028176                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Control::2        53995                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Data::2        25583                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Data::4        82730                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3        54318                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Control::2       431960                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Data::2      1841976                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5956560                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3       434544                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.percent_links_utilized     0.085656                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Control::2       206578                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Data::2       159850                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::1           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::4       159851                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1072                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1056                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       206579                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Control::2      1652624                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Data::2     11509200                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         1152                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     11509272                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         8576                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         8448                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1652632                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.percent_links_utilized     0.117413                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Control::2       270626                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Data::2       220558                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::1           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::4       220556                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1068                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1056                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       270630                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Control::2      2165008                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Data::2     15880176                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          864                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     15880032                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         8544                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         8448                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2165040                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.percent_links_utilized     0.000117                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Response_Data::1           28                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         2140                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2112                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         2016                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        17120                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        16896                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.percent_links_utilized     0.056433                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Control::2       477204                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Data::2       380408                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Response_Data::1           28                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Response_Data::4       477204                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         2140                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2112                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       477209                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Control::2      3817632                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Data::2     27389376                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         2016                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     34358688                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        17120                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        16896                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      3817672                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control         1431612                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Data            1141224                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data      1431696                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control      1444383                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control         11452896                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Data            82168128                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data    103082112                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control     11555064                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.link_utilization     0.017706                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        34048                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3        33890                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2451456                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3       271120                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.link_utilization     0.017639                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2        34048                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2         6648                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        27240                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2       272384                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2       478656                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1961280                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.link_utilization     0.184726                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       355108                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       354580                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     25567776                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2836640                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.link_utilization     0.184506                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2       355108                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2       342161                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        12419                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2      2840864                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2     24635592                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       894168                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.link_utilization     0.017736                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        34053                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3        34421                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2451816                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3       275368                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.link_utilization     0.017888                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2        34053                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        28403                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2       272424                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2       433152                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2045016                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.link_utilization     0.028109                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        53995                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3        54318                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      3887640                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3       434544                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.link_utilization     0.028243                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2        53995                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2        25583                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        28735                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2       431960                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2      1841976                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2068920                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.link_utilization     0.085653                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2       206578                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2       159850                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1072                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2      1652624                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2     11509200                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         8576                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.link_utilization     0.085660                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       159851                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1056                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       206579                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         1152                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     11509272                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         8448                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1652632                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.link_utilization     0.117411                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2       270626                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2       220558                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1068                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2      2165008                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2     15880176                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         8544                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.link_utilization     0.117415                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       220556                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1056                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       270630                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          864                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     15880032                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         8448                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2165040                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000123                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1           28                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2112                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         2016                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        16896                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000111                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         2140                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        17120                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.link_utilization     0.017706                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        34048                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3        33890                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2451456                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3       271120                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.link_utilization     0.184726                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       355108                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       354580                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     25567776                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2836640                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.link_utilization     0.017736                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::4        34053                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3        34421                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2451816                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3       275368                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.link_utilization     0.028109                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::4        53995                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3        54318                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      3887640                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3       434544                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.link_utilization     0.085653                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Control::2       206578                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Data::2       159850                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1072                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::2      1652624                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Data::2     11509200                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         8576                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.link_utilization     0.117411                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Control::2       270626                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Data::2       220558                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1068                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::2      2165008                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::2     15880176                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         8544                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.link_utilization     0.000123                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1           28                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2112                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         2016                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        16896                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle7.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples        477204                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.000578                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.061277                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |      477156     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           8      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           5      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total          477204                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        477209                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.011106                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.296234                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |      476411     99.83%     99.83% |          94      0.02%     99.85% |         109      0.02%     99.88% |         187      0.04%     99.91% |         368      0.08%     99.99% |           3      0.00%     99.99% |           5      0.00%     99.99% |           6      0.00%     99.99% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          477209                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples     63353188                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.508125                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.022066                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      8.885624                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |    63328844     99.96%     99.96% |        9460      0.01%     99.98% |       11816      0.02%    100.00% |        1047      0.00%    100.00% |        1462      0.00%    100.00% |         451      0.00%    100.00% |          61      0.00%    100.00% |          44      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total      63353188                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     63045375                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    63045375    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     63045375                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       307813                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   105.580901                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    89.324631                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    73.253968                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      283469     92.09%     92.09% |        9460      3.07%     95.16% |       11816      3.84%     99.00% |        1047      0.34%     99.34% |        1462      0.47%     99.82% |         451      0.15%     99.96% |          61      0.02%     99.98% |          44      0.01%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       307813                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     21469940                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.248968                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.008873                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      6.575664                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    21465234     99.98%     99.98% |        1707      0.01%     99.99% |        2341      0.01%    100.00% |         318      0.00%    100.00% |         280      0.00%    100.00% |          43      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      21469940                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     21430811                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    21430811    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     21430811                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        39129                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   137.607657                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   127.397876                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    71.398663                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |       34423     87.97%     87.97% |        1707      4.36%     92.34% |        2341      5.98%     98.32% |         318      0.81%     99.13% |         280      0.72%     99.85% |          43      0.11%     99.96% |           8      0.02%     99.98% |           9      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        39129                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples    377211293                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.021784                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.001363                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.509350                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |   377203777    100.00%    100.00% |        5825      0.00%    100.00% |        1214      0.00%    100.00% |         160      0.00%    100.00% |         236      0.00%    100.00% |          65      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total    377211293                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    377084308                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   377084308    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    377084308                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       126985                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    65.711218                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    57.096982                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    50.804914                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      119469     94.08%     94.08% |        5825      4.59%     98.67% |        1214      0.96%     99.62% |         160      0.13%     99.75% |         236      0.19%     99.94% |          65      0.05%     99.99% |           8      0.01%     99.99% |           7      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       126985                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples        33567                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     8.189651                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.320133                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    32.708083                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |       33227     98.99%     98.99% |         225      0.67%     99.66% |          96      0.29%     99.94% |           8      0.02%     99.97% |           7      0.02%     99.99% |           4      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total        33567                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples        31592                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       31592    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total        31592                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1975                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   123.194937                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   112.204523                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    64.273407                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        1635     82.78%     82.78% |         225     11.39%     94.18% |          96      4.86%     99.04% |           8      0.41%     99.44% |           7      0.35%     99.80% |           4      0.20%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         1975                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples        11949                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean    12.678383                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.634276                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    41.933937                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |       11672     97.68%     97.68% |         216      1.81%     99.49% |          46      0.38%     99.87% |           5      0.04%     99.92% |           7      0.06%     99.97% |           2      0.02%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total        11949                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples        10647                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       10647    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total        10647                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1302                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   108.177419                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    90.735330                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    76.850014                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        1025     78.73%     78.73% |         216     16.59%     95.31% |          46      3.53%     98.85% |           5      0.38%     99.23% |           7      0.54%     99.77% |           2      0.15%     99.92% |           0      0.00%     99.92% |           1      0.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         1302                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples        11949                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       11949    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total        11949                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples        11949                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       11949    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total        11949                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        96797                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.071490                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.035988                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.887791                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       71186     73.54%     73.54% |       25603     26.45%     99.99% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        96797                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       380407                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   110.809049                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    94.567281                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    74.014236                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      343226     90.23%     90.23% |       17431      4.58%     94.81% |       15513      4.08%     98.89% |        1538      0.40%     99.29% |        1992      0.52%     99.81% |         565      0.15%     99.96% |          77      0.02%     99.98% |          61      0.02%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       380407                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        17651                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.162597                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.123894                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.016298                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       12607     71.42%     71.42% |        5042     28.56%     99.99% |           1      0.01%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        17651                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       290162                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   109.195408                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    92.989226                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    73.922224                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      265819     91.61%     91.61% |        9459      3.26%     94.87% |       11816      4.07%     98.94% |        1047      0.36%     99.30% |        1462      0.50%     99.81% |         451      0.16%     99.96% |          61      0.02%     99.98% |          44      0.02%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       290162                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          492                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    48.150407                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    48.120304                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.679437                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         107     21.75%     21.75% |         385     78.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          492                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        38637                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   138.746797                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   128.987170                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    71.129774                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       33931     87.82%     87.82% |        1707      4.42%     92.24% |        2341      6.06%     98.30% |         318      0.82%     99.12% |         280      0.72%     99.84% |          43      0.11%     99.96% |           8      0.02%     99.98% |           9      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        38637                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        78101                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.040806                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.006236                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.852986                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       58007     74.27%     74.27% |       20088     25.72%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        78101                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        48884                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    97.138246                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    80.625030                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    71.370159                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       41369     84.63%     84.63% |        5824     11.91%     96.54% |        1214      2.48%     99.02% |         160      0.33%     99.35% |         236      0.48%     99.83% |          65      0.13%     99.97% |           8      0.02%     99.98% |           7      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        48884                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          154                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    45.454545                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.437463                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.278740                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         137     88.96%     88.96% |          17     11.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          154                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1821                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   129.769357                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   121.118869                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    62.656683                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        1481     81.33%     81.33% |         225     12.36%     93.68% |          96      5.27%     98.96% |           8      0.44%     99.40% |           7      0.38%     99.78% |           4      0.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         1821                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          399                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    45.721805                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.696657                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.546694                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         328     82.21%     82.21% |          71     17.79%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          399                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          903                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   135.774086                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   122.857910                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    77.649590                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |         626     69.32%     69.32% |         216     23.92%     93.24% |          46      5.09%     98.34% |           5      0.55%     98.89% |           7      0.78%     99.67% |           2      0.22%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           1      0.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          903                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |      206610     43.29%     43.29% |      270647     56.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total       477257                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX    |      159850     42.02%     42.02% |      220558     57.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX::total       380408                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          16     57.14%     57.14% |          12     42.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           28                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        1056     50.00%     50.00% |        1056     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         2112                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      159865     42.02%     42.02% |      220566     57.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       380431                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      160906     42.06%     42.06% |      221614     57.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       382520                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX  |      159851     42.02%     42.02% |      220556     57.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX::total       380407                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          14     58.33%     58.33% |          10     41.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           24                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        1056     50.00%     50.00% |        1056     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total         2112                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.GETX  |       46727     48.27%     48.27% |       50070     51.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.GETX::total        96797                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX  |      159848     42.02%     42.02% |      220556     57.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX::total       380404                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total            4                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.PUTX |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.PUTX::total            4                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total            4                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.GETX |          32     60.38%     60.38% |          21     39.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.GETX::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      159851     42.02%     42.02% |      220556     57.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       380407                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      159848     42.02%     42.02% |      220556     57.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       380404                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          14     58.33%     58.33% |          10     41.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           24                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        1056     50.00%     50.00% |        1056     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total         2112                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          28    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           28                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        2112    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         2112                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          28    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             28                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |        2112    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total            2112                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          28    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           28                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        2112    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         2112                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          28    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           28                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |        2112    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total         2112                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |      118609      0.19%      0.19% |    62857337     99.22%     99.40% |      109831      0.17%     99.58% |      267411      0.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     63353188                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |      547566      0.15%      0.15% |   374814410     99.36%     99.51% |      500049      0.13%     99.64% |     1349268      0.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    377211293                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |       91721      0.43%      0.43% |    21165923     98.32%     98.75% |       80651      0.37%     99.12% |      189110      0.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     21527405                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |       34048      7.13%      7.13% |      355108     74.41%     81.55% |       34053      7.14%     88.69% |       53995     11.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total       477204                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |       27240     28.14%     28.14% |       12419     12.83%     40.97% |       28403     29.34%     70.31% |       28735     29.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total        96797                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |           4     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           4     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total            8                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Replacement |       10271      2.55%      2.55% |      353577     87.89%     90.45% |        9670      2.40%     92.85% |       28765      7.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Replacement::total       402283                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |        6648      1.75%      1.75% |      342161     89.95%     91.69% |        6016      1.58%     93.27% |       25583      6.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total       380408                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        7179      2.33%      2.33% |      277524     90.16%     92.49% |        7529      2.45%     94.94% |       15581      5.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total       307813                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |       25234     19.87%     19.87% |       43273     34.08%     53.95% |       25631     20.18%     74.13% |       32847     25.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total       126985                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |        1635      3.86%      3.86% |       34311     80.91%     84.77% |         893      2.11%     86.87% |        5567     13.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total        42406                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Replacement |        3625     16.57%     16.57% |       11416     52.18%     68.75% |        3656     16.71%     85.46% |        3182     14.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Replacement::total        21879                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |      111430      0.18%      0.18% |    62579813     99.26%     99.44% |      102302      0.16%     99.60% |      251830      0.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     63045375                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch  |      522332      0.14%      0.14% |   374771137     99.39%     99.53% |      474418      0.13%     99.65% |     1316421      0.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch::total    377084308                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |       90086      0.42%      0.42% |    21131612     98.36%     98.77% |       79758      0.37%     99.15% |      183543      0.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     21484999                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |       27240     28.14%     28.14% |       12419     12.83%     40.97% |       28403     29.34%     70.31% |       28735     29.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total        96797                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Replacement |        6646      1.75%      1.75% |      342161     89.95%     91.69% |        6014      1.58%     93.27% |       25583      6.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Replacement::total       380404                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Inv    |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Inv::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack |        6648      1.75%      1.75% |      342161     89.95%     91.69% |        6016      1.58%     93.27% |       25583      6.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack::total       380408                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |       32413      7.45%      7.45% |      320797     73.78%     81.24% |       33160      7.63%     88.86% |       48428     11.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total       434798                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |        1635      3.86%      3.86% |       34311     80.91%     84.77% |         893      2.11%     86.87% |        5567     13.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total        42406                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.523557                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                523557282000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               52432224604001                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 155758                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   281761                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              282718057                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2089240                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1851.87                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   288442979                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     521785080                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     16921728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          16921728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     16986944                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       16986944                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       264402                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             264402                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       265421                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            265421                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     32320681                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             32320681                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     32445244                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            32445244                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0     64765926                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            64765926                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     264402                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    265421                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   264402                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  265421                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              14347840                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                2573888                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               15482304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               16921728                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            16986944                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                 40217                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                23518                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            13569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            11495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            11809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             7693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             7590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             7519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             6971                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             8294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            12038                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            20835                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           19637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           22172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           16864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           25815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           13423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           18461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            14440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            12736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            12592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             8222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             8309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             7891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             7339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             8733                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            12615                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            21464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           20203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           23210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           17443                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           31029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           13595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           22090                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 523557113500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               264402                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              265421                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 218846                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   5180                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                    158                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                  2000                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                  2091                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                 14124                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                 14879                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                 14968                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                 14959                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                 14982                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                 14971                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                 14954                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                 14949                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                 14947                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                 14910                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                 14893                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                 14876                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                 14857                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                 14838                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                 14833                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                 14833                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                    24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       228514                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   130.540518                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   100.846156                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   125.819336                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       137863     60.33%     60.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        59219     25.91%     86.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        18927      8.28%     94.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6501      2.84%     97.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2887      1.26%     98.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1271      0.56%     99.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          712      0.31%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          468      0.20%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          666      0.29%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       228514                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        14833                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     15.114474                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     4.111279                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            113      0.76%      0.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4-7            483      3.26%      4.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8-11          1086      7.32%     11.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::12-15         5895     39.74%     51.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16-19         6505     43.85%     94.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          409      2.76%     97.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::24-27          140      0.94%     98.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           63      0.42%     99.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           57      0.38%     99.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::36-39           46      0.31%     99.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           21      0.14%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            3      0.02%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::48-51            3      0.02%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::52-55            4      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::56-59            2      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::60-63            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::64-67            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        14833                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        14833                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.308973                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.291243                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.789416                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16           12732     85.84%     85.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17              61      0.41%     86.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18            1675     11.29%     97.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19             311      2.10%     99.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20              38      0.26%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21              13      0.09%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::23               1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::25               1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        14833                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  4178454370                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             8381923120                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1120925000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    18638.42                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               37388.42                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       27.40                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       29.57                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    32.32                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    32.45                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.40                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   96807                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 140777                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                43.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               58.20                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    988173.62                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   50.97                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy               741870360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy               404790375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy              656682000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy             580510800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy         34514441520                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy         70503110190                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        255212979750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          362614384995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           686.211227                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 423467554002                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  17482660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  82604779998                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy              1134997920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy               619294500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             1248085800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy            1116776160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy         34514441520                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        106908890490                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        223278084750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          368820571140                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           697.955809                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 370342471001                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  17482660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 135730018999                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     19986368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          19986368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     20051072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       20051072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       312287                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             312287                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       313298                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            313298                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     38174176                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             38174176                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     38297762                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            38297762                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1     76471938                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            76471938                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     312287                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    313298                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   312287                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  313298                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              14446528                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                5539840                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               15762496                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               19986368                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            20051072                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                 86560                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                67024                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            14154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            11323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            10947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             6953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             6660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             7741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             6665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             8177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            11806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            20552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           19538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           22093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           17265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           30548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           12929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           18376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            15022                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            12200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            11763                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             7336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             6966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            13151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             7130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             8448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            12443                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            21073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           20039                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           22856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           17627                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           34861                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           13079                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           22295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 523557233500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               312287                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              313298                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 220737                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   4822                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                    167                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                  2370                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                  2453                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 14347                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 15152                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 15204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 15202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 15193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 15199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 15174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 15168                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 15152                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 15130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 15099                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 15099                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 15090                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 15075                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 15065                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 15064                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                    18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       233600                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   129.319452                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   100.407530                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   123.173270                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127       141180     60.44%     60.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        60466     25.88%     86.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        19673      8.42%     94.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6676      2.86%     97.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2653      1.14%     98.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1201      0.51%     99.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          670      0.29%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          440      0.19%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          641      0.27%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       233600                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        15064                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.985396                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     4.134568                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            170      1.13%      1.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4-7            501      3.33%      4.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8-11           951      6.31%     10.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::12-15         6500     43.15%     53.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16-19         6196     41.13%     95.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          426      2.83%     97.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::24-27          128      0.85%     98.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           70      0.46%     99.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           47      0.31%     99.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::36-39           40      0.27%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           14      0.09%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            6      0.04%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::48-51            5      0.03%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::52-55            3      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::56-59            1      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::60-63            2      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::64-67            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::68-71            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        15064                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        15064                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.349509                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.330025                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.831356                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16           12616     83.75%     83.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17              45      0.30%     84.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18            2082     13.82%     97.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19             269      1.79%     99.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20              37      0.25%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21              10      0.07%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::23               3      0.02%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::28               1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::34               1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        15064                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  4216290353                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             8448671603                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1128635000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    18678.72                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               37428.72                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       27.59                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       30.11                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    38.17                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    38.30                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.42                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   95725                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 142690                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                42.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               57.94                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    836908.23                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   50.51                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy               742475160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy               405120375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy              637876200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy             590736240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy         34514441520                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy         71218784520                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        254585195250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          362694629265                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           686.363081                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 422430032001                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  17482660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  83640805999                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              1169494200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy               638116875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             1277187600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy            1132542000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy         34514441520                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        115848132660                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        215436644250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          370016559105                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           700.219096                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 357217929252                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  17482660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 148854412748                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      1052190320                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    2191818                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                      4190699                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              4129816                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                 22097                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                      94584                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       304431                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     4129816                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                        22097                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads            8447000                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           3267796                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads               35484                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes              17306                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             2164727                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes            1203824                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      1050218                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     609689                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    440529                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              1036753542.135845                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              15436777.864155                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.014671                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.985329                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           444012                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                25976      0.62%      0.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  3091634     73.77%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    3301      0.08%     74.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                     3257      0.08%     74.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                  16473      0.39%     74.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  609689     14.55%     89.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 440529     10.51%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                   4190859                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      1049251911                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  266723658                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                    481027271                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            271367159                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses             270607676                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                    9907502                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     15137508                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   271367159                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                    270607676                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          516256600                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         177505241                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads           446707212                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes          249461173                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           107879600                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           83573571                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     84483839                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   63144646                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  21339193                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              83342591.517467                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              965909319.482533                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.920570                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.079430                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         27243633                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                24597      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                246139775     51.17%     51.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                    3902      0.00%     51.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                     3586      0.00%     51.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd              150371870     31.26%     82.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     82.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     82.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     82.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     82.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     82.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     82.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     82.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     82.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     82.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     82.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     82.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     82.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     82.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     82.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     82.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     82.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     82.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     82.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                63144646     13.13%     95.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               21339193      4.44%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                 481027569                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      1047543698                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    1780699                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      3442224                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              3393819                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                 15036                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                      72531                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       270582                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     3393819                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                        15036                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads            6767265                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           2726508                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads               24577                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes              11938                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             1858566                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            1137967                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                       776535                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     460482                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    316053                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              1033694558.599954                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              13849139.400046                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.013221                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.986779                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           383252                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                24273      0.71%      0.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  2620464     76.12%     76.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    3405      0.10%     76.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                     6379      0.19%     77.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                  11357      0.33%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                     16      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  460482     13.38%     90.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 316053      9.18%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   3442429                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      1044289225                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   16431987                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     30701288                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             30290378                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                314963                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     655048                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts      2492480                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    30290378                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                       314963                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           58836561                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes          24596851                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads              475254                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes             243656                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads            16153547                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes           10490189                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      6592217                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    3891005                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                   2701212                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              971185047.373885                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              73104177.626115                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.070004                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.929996                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                          3427774                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass               154815      0.50%      0.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                 23508394     76.57%     77.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   93524      0.30%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                   150381      0.49%     77.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                 202245      0.66%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                     64      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 3891005     12.67%     91.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                2701212      8.80%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  30701640                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1151                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1151                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1163                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1163                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq                80                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp               80                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           24                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           24                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           92                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           58                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           72                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          572                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          332                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1044                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           66                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1134                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          354                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1584                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           68                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           82                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          330                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          330                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          820                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           74                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          720                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          378                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1248                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    4788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           48                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           48                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           44                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           44                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          286                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1146                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          132                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          567                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          708                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1449                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          164                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          165                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          660                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1049                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           26                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          148                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           24                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          756                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1350                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     5178                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy               167000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy               251478                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             1748000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy              389991                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              435491                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy              422992                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy              470984                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy               67496                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy              850000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             1333000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy              640500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             1025000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           35                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes       143360                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           35                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  4                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  39                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                2436972                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.026905                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 0.465452                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     2428338     99.65%     99.65% |        3728      0.15%     99.80% |        4423      0.18%     99.98% |         205      0.01%     99.99% |         275      0.01%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  2436972                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples    958215748                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000001                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000001                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.001215                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   958214334    100.00%    100.00% |        1414      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total    958215748                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples      958215748                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.125083                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.005636                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         4.352900                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |   958089787     99.99%     99.99% |       73967      0.01%     99.99% |       40285      0.00%    100.00% |        4489      0.00%    100.00% |        5278      0.00%    100.00% |        1553      0.00%    100.00% |         194      0.00%    100.00% |         183      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total        958215748                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    956997176                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   956997176    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    956997176                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1218572                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    99.357862                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    83.040599                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    72.370301                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     1092611     89.66%     89.66% |       73967      6.07%     95.73% |       40285      3.31%     99.04% |        4489      0.37%     99.41% |        5278      0.43%     99.84% |        1553      0.13%     99.97% |         194      0.02%     99.98% |         183      0.02%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1218572                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.incomplete_times_seqr       261500                      
system.ruby.Directory.incomplete_times_seqr       957072                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_hits      3934874                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_misses        87159                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_accesses      4022033                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_hits    460203921                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_misses       406642                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_accesses    460610563                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_hits      3049494                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_misses        80247                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_accesses      3129741                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_hits     28194205                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_misses       167320                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_accesses     28361525                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers0.percent_links_utilized     0.041583                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Control::2        87159                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Data::2        36844                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       137325                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3        87012                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Control::2       697272                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Data::2      2652768                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      9887400                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3       696096                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.percent_links_utilized     0.194047                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Control::2       406642                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Data::2       374285                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       438471                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       406114                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Control::2      3253136                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Data::2     26948520                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     31569912                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      3248912                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.percent_links_utilized     0.038349                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Control::2        80247                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Data::2        40977                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Data::4       119645                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3        80378                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Control::2       641976                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Data::2      2950344                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      8614440                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3       643024                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.percent_links_utilized     0.079983                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Control::2       167320                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Data::2       124376                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Data::4       210630                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       167687                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Control::2      1338560                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Data::2      8955072                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     15165360                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1341496                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.percent_links_utilized     0.130442                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Control::2       351471                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Data::2       264302                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::1           18                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::4       264388                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1138                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1120                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       351389                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Control::2      2811768                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Data::2     19029744                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         1296                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     19035936                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         9104                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         8960                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2811112                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.percent_links_utilized     0.152853                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Control::2       389897                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Data::2       312180                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::1           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::4       312277                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1132                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1120                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       389802                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Control::2      3119176                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Data::2     22476960                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          864                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     22483944                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         9056                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         8960                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      3118416                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.percent_links_utilized     0.000114                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Response_Data::1           30                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         2270                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2240                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         2160                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        18160                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        17920                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.percent_links_utilized     0.079671                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Control::2       741368                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Data::2       576482                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Response_Data::1           30                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Response_Data::4       741368                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         2270                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2240                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       741191                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Control::2      5930944                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Data::2     41506704                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         2160                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     53378496                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        18160                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        17920                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      5929528                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control         2224104                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Data            1729446                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data      2224194                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control      2237103                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control         17792832                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Data           124520112                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data    160141968                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control     17896824                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.link_utilization     0.041612                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        87159                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3        87012                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      6275448                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3       696096                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.link_utilization     0.041555                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2        87159                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2        36844                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        50166                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2       697272                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2      2652768                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      3611952                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.link_utilization     0.194147                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       406642                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       406114                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     29278224                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      3248912                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.link_utilization     0.193946                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2       406642                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2       374285                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        31829                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2      3253136                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2     26948520                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2291688                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.link_utilization     0.038324                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        80247                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3        80378                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5777784                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3       643024                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.link_utilization     0.038373                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2        80247                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2        40977                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        39398                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2       641976                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2      2950344                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2836656                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.link_utilization     0.079913                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       167320                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       167687                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     12047040                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1341496                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.link_utilization     0.080053                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2       167320                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2       124376                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        43310                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2      1338560                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2      8955072                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      3118320                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.link_utilization     0.130422                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2       351471                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2       264302                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1138                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2      2811768                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2     19029744                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         9104                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.link_utilization     0.130462                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1           18                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       264388                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1120                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       351389                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         1296                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     19035936                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         8960                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2811112                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.link_utilization     0.152832                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2       389897                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2       312180                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1132                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2      3119176                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2     22476960                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         9056                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.link_utilization     0.152874                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       312277                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1120                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       389802                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          864                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     22483944                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         8960                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      3118416                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000120                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1           30                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2240                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         2160                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        17920                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000108                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         2270                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        18160                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.link_utilization     0.041612                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        87159                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3        87012                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      6275448                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3       696096                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.link_utilization     0.194147                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       406642                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       406114                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     29278224                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      3248912                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.link_utilization     0.038324                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::4        80247                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3        80378                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5777784                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3       643024                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.link_utilization     0.079913                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::4       167320                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       167687                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     12047040                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1341496                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.link_utilization     0.130422                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Control::2       351471                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Data::2       264302                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1138                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::2      2811768                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Data::2     19029744                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         9104                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.link_utilization     0.152832                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Control::2       389897                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Data::2       312180                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1132                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::2      3119176                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::2     22476960                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         9056                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.link_utilization     0.000120                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1           30                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2240                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         2160                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        17920                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle7.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       1218572                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.002048                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.116585                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     1218143     99.96%     99.96% |          66      0.01%     99.97% |          78      0.01%     99.98% |         115      0.01%     99.99% |         169      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         1218572                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples       1218400                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.051765                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.646909                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |     1210129     99.32%     99.32% |        3535      0.29%     99.61% |        4253      0.35%     99.96% |         205      0.02%     99.98% |         275      0.02%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total         1218400                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    131340332                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.571556                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.024497                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      9.497488                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   131267927     99.94%     99.94% |       37328      0.03%     99.97% |       27496      0.02%     99.99% |        2753      0.00%    100.00% |        3504      0.00%    100.00% |        1070      0.00%    100.00% |         138      0.00%    100.00% |         109      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     131340332                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    130635594                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   130635594    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    130635594                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       704738                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   107.519566                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    90.963956                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    74.332058                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      632333     89.73%     89.73% |       37328      5.30%     95.02% |       27496      3.90%     98.92% |        2753      0.39%     99.31% |        3504      0.50%     99.81% |        1070      0.15%     99.96% |         138      0.02%     99.98% |         109      0.02%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       704738                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     46215534                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.332192                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.012051                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      7.593341                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    46197945     99.96%     99.96% |        9046      0.02%     99.98% |        6650      0.01%    100.00% |         874      0.00%    100.00% |         793      0.00%    100.00% |         173      0.00%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |          29      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      46215534                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     46100588                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    46100588    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     46100588                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       114946                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   134.562125                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   123.504259                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    73.403358                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |       97357     84.70%     84.70% |        9046      7.87%     92.57% |        6650      5.79%     98.35% |         874      0.76%     99.11% |         793      0.69%     99.80% |         173      0.15%     99.95% |          24      0.02%     99.97% |          29      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       114946                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples    780401497                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.036038                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.002056                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.084438                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |   780368237    100.00%    100.00% |       25517      0.00%    100.00% |        5650      0.00%    100.00% |         796      0.00%    100.00% |         931      0.00%    100.00% |         289      0.00%    100.00% |          30      0.00%    100.00% |          42      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total    780401497                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    780013371                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   780013371    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    780013371                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       388126                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    73.461008                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    62.126647                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    59.061298                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      354866     91.43%     91.43% |       25517      6.57%     98.01% |        5650      1.46%     99.46% |         796      0.21%     99.67% |         931      0.24%     99.91% |         289      0.07%     99.98% |          30      0.01%     99.99% |          42      0.01%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       388126                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       133357                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     6.079118                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.211500                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    28.223074                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |      132089     99.05%     99.05% |         942      0.71%     99.76% |         267      0.20%     99.96% |          26      0.02%     99.98% |          22      0.02%     99.99% |          11      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       133357                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       127952                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      127952    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       127952                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         5405                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   126.316559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   113.717316                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    67.719675                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        4137     76.54%     76.54% |         942     17.43%     93.97% |         267      4.94%     98.91% |          26      0.48%     99.39% |          22      0.41%     99.80% |          11      0.20%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         5405                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples        62514                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean    11.141440                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.485474                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    40.633767                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |       61075     97.70%     97.70% |        1134      1.81%     99.51% |         222      0.36%     99.87% |          40      0.06%     99.93% |          28      0.04%     99.98% |          10      0.02%     99.99% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total        62514                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples        57157                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       57157    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total        57157                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         5357                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   119.346463                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   101.296498                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    80.392250                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        3918     73.14%     73.14% |        1134     21.17%     94.31% |         222      4.14%     98.45% |          40      0.75%     99.20% |          28      0.52%     99.72% |          10      0.19%     99.91% |           2      0.04%     99.94% |           3      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         5357                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples        62514                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       62514    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total        62514                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples        62514                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       62514    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total        62514                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       261500                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.138405                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.093856                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.527339                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      261458     99.98%     99.98% |          31      0.01%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       261500                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       957072                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   113.898971                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    97.530581                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    75.375254                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      831122     86.84%     86.84% |       73958      7.73%     94.57% |       40285      4.21%     98.78% |        4489      0.47%     99.25% |        5276      0.55%     99.80% |        1553      0.16%     99.96% |         194      0.02%     99.98% |         183      0.02%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       957072                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        45139                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.287556                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.243244                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.247391                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       45131     99.98%     99.98% |           3      0.01%     99.99% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        45139                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       659599                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   111.709918                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    95.274503                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    75.025875                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      587198     89.02%     89.02% |       37324      5.66%     94.68% |       27496      4.17%     98.85% |        2753      0.42%     99.27% |        3504      0.53%     99.80% |        1070      0.16%     99.96% |         138      0.02%     99.98% |         109      0.02%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       659599                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1961                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    48.369709                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    48.344974                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.521103                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         322     16.42%     16.42% |        1639     83.58%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         1961                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       112985                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   136.058105                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   125.531200                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    73.146080                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       95396     84.43%     84.43% |        9046      8.01%     92.44% |        6650      5.89%     98.32% |         874      0.77%     99.10% |         793      0.70%     99.80% |         173      0.15%     99.95% |          24      0.02%     99.97% |          29      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       112985                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       212726                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.086886                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.042590                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.584652                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      212692     99.98%     99.98% |          27      0.01%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       212726                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       175400                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   106.660479                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    89.348216                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    75.496274                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      142147     81.04%     81.04% |       25512     14.55%     95.59% |        5650      3.22%     98.81% |         796      0.45%     99.26% |         929      0.53%     99.79% |         289      0.16%     99.96% |          30      0.02%     99.97% |          42      0.02%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       175400                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          444                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    45.632883                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.609541                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.492767                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         376     84.68%     84.68% |          68     15.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          444                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         4961                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   133.537593                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   123.406159                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    66.040755                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        3693     74.44%     74.44% |         942     18.99%     93.43% |         267      5.38%     98.81% |          26      0.52%     99.33% |          22      0.44%     99.78% |          11      0.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         4961                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1230                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.200000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.163433                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.862394                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         868     70.57%     70.57% |         362     29.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         1230                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         4127                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   141.146838                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   128.030510                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    79.486846                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        2688     65.13%     65.13% |        1134     27.48%     92.61% |         222      5.38%     97.99% |          40      0.97%     98.96% |          28      0.68%     99.64% |          10      0.24%     99.88% |           2      0.05%     99.93% |           3      0.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         4127                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |      351577     47.40%     47.40% |      390074     52.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total       741651                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX    |      264301     45.85%     45.85% |      312178     54.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX::total       576479                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX_NotOwner |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           2     66.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX_NotOwner::total            3                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          18     60.00%     60.00% |          12     40.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           30                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        1120     50.00%     50.00% |        1120     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         2240                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      264402     45.85%     45.85% |      312287     54.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       576689                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      265421     45.86%     45.86% |      313298     54.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       578719                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX  |      264388     45.85%     45.85% |      312277     54.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX::total       576665                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          14     58.33%     58.33% |          10     41.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           24                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        1120     50.00%     50.00% |        1120     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total         2240                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.GETX  |       87083     52.87%     52.87% |       77620     47.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.GETX::total       164703                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX  |      264297     45.85%     45.85% |      312176     54.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX::total       576473                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX_NotOwner |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           2     66.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX_NotOwner::total            3                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |           4     66.67%     66.67% |           2     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total            6                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.PUTX |           4     66.67%     66.67% |           2     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.PUTX::total            6                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |           4     66.67%     66.67% |           2     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total            6                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.GETX |         104     37.01%     37.01% |         177     62.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.GETX::total          281                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      264388     45.85%     45.85% |      312277     54.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       576665                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.GETX |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      264297     45.85%     45.85% |      312176     54.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       576473                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          14     58.33%     58.33% |          10     41.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           24                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        1120     50.00%     50.00% |        1120     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total         2240                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          30    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           30                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        2240    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         2240                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          30    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             30                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |        2240    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total            2240                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          30    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           30                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        2240    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         2240                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          30    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           30                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |        2240    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total         2240                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |      584887      0.86%      0.86% |    63125385     92.85%     93.71% |      446643      0.66%     94.37% |     3830229      5.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     67987144                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     2966420      0.74%      0.74% |   376120086     93.29%     94.02% |     2346582      0.58%     94.60% |    21757116      5.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    403190204                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |      470726      1.89%      1.89% |    21365092     85.64%     87.53% |      336516      1.35%     88.88% |     2774180     11.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     24946514                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |       87159     11.76%     11.76% |      406642     54.85%     66.61% |       80247     10.82%     77.43% |      167320     22.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total       741368                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |       50166     30.46%     30.46% |       31829     19.33%     49.78% |       39398     23.92%     73.70% |       43310     26.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total       164703                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |           4     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           6     50.00%     83.33% |           2     16.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total           12                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Replacement |       45152      7.35%      7.35% |      389810     63.46%     70.81% |       47900      7.80%     78.61% |      131365     21.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Replacement::total       614227                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |       36844      6.39%      6.39% |      374285     64.93%     71.32% |       40976      7.11%     78.43% |      124374     21.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total       576479                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Nack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           2     66.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Nack::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       22507      5.67%      5.67% |      294072     74.09%     79.76% |       23972      6.04%     85.80% |       56374     14.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total       396925                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |       54151     20.74%     20.74% |       69976     26.80%     47.53% |       48706     18.65%     66.18% |       88308     33.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total       261141                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |       10501     12.61%     12.61% |       42594     51.13%     63.74% |        7569      9.09%     72.82% |       22638     27.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total        83302                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Replacement |        8310     22.01%     22.01% |       15525     41.12%     63.14% |        6926     18.35%     81.48% |        6990     18.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Replacement::total        37751                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Writeback_Nack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           2     66.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Writeback_Nack::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |      562380      0.83%      0.83% |    62831313     92.96%     93.79% |      422671      0.63%     94.42% |     3773855      5.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     67590219                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch  |     2912269      0.72%      0.72% |   376050110     93.33%     94.05% |     2297876      0.57%     94.62% |    21668808      5.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch::total    402929063                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |      460225      1.85%      1.85% |    21322498     85.76%     87.61% |      328947      1.32%     88.93% |     2751542     11.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     24863212                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |       50166     30.46%     30.46% |       31829     19.33%     49.78% |       39397     23.92%     73.70% |       43308     26.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total       164700                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |           2     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           3     50.00%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total            6                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Replacement |       36842      6.39%      6.39% |      374285     64.93%     71.32% |       40974      7.11%     78.42% |      124375     21.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Replacement::total       576476                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           2     66.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Fwd_GETX::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Inv    |           2     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           3     50.00%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Inv::total            6                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack |       36844      6.39%      6.39% |      374285     64.93%     71.32% |       40976      7.11%     78.43% |      124374     21.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack::total       576479                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |       76658     11.65%     11.65% |      364048     55.32%     66.97% |       72678     11.04%     78.01% |      144682     21.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total       658066                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |       10501     12.61%     12.61% |       42594     51.13%     63.74% |        7569      9.09%     72.82% |       22638     27.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total        83302                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
