
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.968206                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2968206443000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               56118945891501                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 139111                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   233140                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              269284731                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1979716                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 11022.56                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1533359892                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2569798859                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      5269696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           5269696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0       568192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         568192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0        82339                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              82339                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0         8878                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              8878                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1775381                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total              1775381                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0       191426                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total              191426                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1966807                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total             1966807                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      82339                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                      8878                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    82339                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                    8878                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               5268160                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1536                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                 569024                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                5269696                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys              568192                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    24                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             8785                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             7971                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             7955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             7049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             3234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             2046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             2072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             2550                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             2817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             2675                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            1975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            2275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            6603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            8308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            8310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            7690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0              640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1              602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2              575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3              324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4              437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5              496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6              424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7              598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8              792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9              444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10             298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11             276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12             745                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13             757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14             799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15             684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 2968206441500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                82339                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                8878                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  81685                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                    630                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                   432                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                   452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                   493                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                   525                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                   508                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                   494                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                   520                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                   500                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                   515                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                   510                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                   489                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                   492                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                   495                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                   496                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                   491                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                   488                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                   489                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                   488                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        25461                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   229.262323                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   131.293321                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   302.750578                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        12740     50.04%     50.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255         7137     28.03%     78.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1364      5.36%     83.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511          575      2.26%     85.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          367      1.44%     87.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          245      0.96%     88.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          235      0.92%     89.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          178      0.70%     89.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2620     10.29%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        25461                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples          488                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean    188.567623                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   809.885377                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-511          473     96.93%     96.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023            7      1.43%     98.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3583            1      0.20%     98.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4607            2      0.41%     98.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            1      0.20%     99.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            1      0.20%     99.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            1      0.20%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            2      0.41%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total          488                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples          488                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     18.219262                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.169035                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.399280                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16              52     10.66%     10.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17               3      0.61%     11.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18             360     73.77%     85.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19              11      2.25%     87.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20              26      5.33%     92.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21               3      0.61%     93.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22              26      5.33%     98.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::23               4      0.82%     99.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::24               3      0.61%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total          488                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                   527734499                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             2071140749                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 411575000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                     6411.16                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               25161.16                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        1.77                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.19                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     1.78                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.19                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     24.26                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   62030                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                   3715                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                75.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               41.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                  32540057.68                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   72.10                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy               101833200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                55563750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy              353613000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy              26542080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        194134134480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy         82362117510                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        1711113827250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          1988147631270                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           668.898994                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2844514021000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  99114860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  24577814500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy               112583520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                61429500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy              364166400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy              31071600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        194134134480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy         83170570455                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        1710404658000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          1988278613955                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           668.943062                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2843871624500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  99114860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  25217664250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      5160320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           5160320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1       546816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         546816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1        80630                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              80630                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1         8544                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total              8544                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1738531                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total              1738531                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1       184224                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total              184224                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1922756                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total             1922756                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      80630                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                      8544                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    80630                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                    8544                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               5158080                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   2240                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                 546752                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                5160320                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys              546816                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    35                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             8575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             7855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             7781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             6927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             3161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             1986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             1935                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             2473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             2735                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             2608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            1900                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            2239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            6547                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            8204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            8195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            7474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0              594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1              579                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2              537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3              309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4              420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5              500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6              416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7              576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8              789                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9              418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10             297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11             269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12             702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13             738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14             758                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15             641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 2968206206000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                80630                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                8544                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  80025                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                    569                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                   415                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                   435                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                   479                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                   510                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                   485                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                   473                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                   497                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                   480                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                   495                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                   484                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                   469                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                   470                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                   475                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                   475                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                   469                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                   468                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                   469                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                   467                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        24268                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   235.078952                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   133.687341                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   307.822463                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        12023     49.54%     49.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6714     27.67%     77.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1311      5.40%     82.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511          627      2.58%     85.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          339      1.40%     86.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          245      1.01%     87.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          230      0.95%     88.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          153      0.63%     89.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2626     10.82%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        24268                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples          467                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean    172.503212                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   697.302677                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-511          449     96.15%     96.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023            9      1.93%     98.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535            2      0.43%     98.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2559            2      0.43%     98.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            2      0.43%     99.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            1      0.21%     99.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            1      0.21%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      0.21%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total          467                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples          467                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     18.293362                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.227457                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.670759                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16              48     10.28%     10.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17               3      0.64%     10.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18             343     73.45%     84.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19              11      2.36%     86.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20              26      5.57%     92.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21               3      0.64%     92.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22              25      5.35%     98.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::23               3      0.64%     98.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::24               2      0.43%     99.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::30               2      0.43%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::31               1      0.21%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total          467                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   507015744                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             2018171994                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 402975000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                     6290.91                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               25040.91                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        1.74                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.18                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     1.74                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.18                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.07                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   61181                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                   3689                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                75.91                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               43.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                  33285556.40                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   72.77                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                97297200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                53088750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy              345594600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy              25472880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        194134134480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy         82000541430                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        1711430999250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          1988087128590                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           668.878638                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2845052088500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  99114860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  24037351000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy               108017280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                58938000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy              358394400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy              29989440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        194134134480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy         82968053445                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        1710582304500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          1988239831545                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           668.930014                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2844195441750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  99114860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  24893847000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      5936305873                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   48187582                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     84973362                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             74463892                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses              19654241                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    1292446                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      6373786                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    74463892                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                     19654241                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          152607170                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          55533269                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads            27210082                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes           14481510                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            57510943                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           23304984                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     20187463                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   13640127                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   6547336                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              5755525337.952830                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              180780535.047169                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.030453                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.969547                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          8637396                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass               204188      0.24%      0.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 55527167     65.35%     65.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  244063      0.29%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                   836469      0.98%     66.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                7916184      9.32%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                  57876      0.07%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                13640127     16.05%     92.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                6547336      7.71%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  84973410                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      5935980360                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  746830007                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                   1239992577                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            943009643                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses             479584561                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                   17074220                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     84340692                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   943009643                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                    479584561                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         1984900001                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         635695708                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads           763916713                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes          392274510                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           706723840                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes          271239391                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    311658315                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                  231704407                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  79953908                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              3024907727.722281                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              2911072632.277719                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.490411                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.509589                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                        113232165                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass              1554607      0.13%      0.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                715649406     57.71%     57.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                 2109795      0.17%     58.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                  8189340      0.66%     58.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd              200415710     16.16%     74.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     74.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     74.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     74.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                 415528      0.03%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead               231704407     18.69%     93.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               79953908      6.45%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                1239992701                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      5934863988                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    2724948                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      5756472                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              5645182                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                   154                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     149938                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       473353                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     5645182                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                          154                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           11156677                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           4642391                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                 258                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                126                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             3553193                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            1811497                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      1267501                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     794051                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    473450                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              5923609178.360834                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              11254809.639165                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.001896                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.998104                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           669407                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                86384      1.50%      1.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  4360848     75.76%     77.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   12593      0.22%     77.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    29051      0.50%     77.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                    120      0.00%     77.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  794051     13.79%     91.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 473450      8.22%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   5756497                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      5941401341                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                  734042842                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                   1236147309                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses            947849317                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses             466364518                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                   17492090                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts     82225929                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                   947849317                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                    466364518                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads         2023503354                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes         651244745                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads           738841426                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes          383266632                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads           692955551                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes          260851416                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                    316354326                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                  235185984                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                  81168342                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              3066699484.985134                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              2874701856.014866                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.483842                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.516158                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                        111436718                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass              1819982      0.15%      0.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                714568125     57.81%     57.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                 2403659      0.19%     58.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                 10644245      0.86%     59.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd              189762316     15.35%     74.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     74.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     74.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     74.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                 594752      0.05%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead               235185984     19.03%     93.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite               81168342      6.57%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                1236147405                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  829                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 829                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                4529                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               4529                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               108                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              108                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           50                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           50                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           48                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           48                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          196                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1550                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2684                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1228                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          162                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1560                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2970                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          990                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1548                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2550                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          956                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1560                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2532                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   10932                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          100                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          100                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           96                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           96                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           11                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3100                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3751                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          698                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           81                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3939                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          558                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3678                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          538                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3690                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    15450                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              3705500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                31996                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy              120000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             1993964                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             2097612                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             1986976                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             2086627                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              169907                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1931500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             2144000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             1842000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             1834000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages         1432                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes      5865472                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs         1432                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           45                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes       184320                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           45                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   2881873853                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000261                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2881873657    100.00%    100.00% |         196      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   2881873853                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     2881873853                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.073221                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.012504                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         1.282219                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  2881841134    100.00%    100.00% |       31385      0.00%    100.00% |         278      0.00%    100.00% |         294      0.00%    100.00% |         566      0.00%    100.00% |         195      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       2881873853                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   2869318402                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2869318402    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   2869318402                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     12555451                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    17.806447                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    17.325128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     9.805293                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |    12522732     99.74%     99.74% |       31385      0.25%     99.99% |         278      0.00%     99.99% |         294      0.00%     99.99% |         566      0.00%    100.00% |         195      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     12555451                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits     20110296                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77957                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     20188253                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits     67951900                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses       130201                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses     68082101                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits    312556222                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses      4579599                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    317135821                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits   1082972147                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses      1808361                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses   1084780508                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            29                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1238927                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses        28136                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1267063                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits      3499680                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        37806                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3537486                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles             3                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits    316068582                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses      5152208                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    321220790                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits   1064920648                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses       741183                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses   1065661831                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles            94                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits     12397584                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses       157867                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses     12555451                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers0.percent_links_utilized     0.014738                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Request_Control::0       208158                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Data::2         4656                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       187570                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        58373                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        15952                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        23851                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       384554                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        42485                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1951                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       376584                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0      1665264                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       335232                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     13505040                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      4202856                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       127616                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      1717272                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      3076432                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       339880                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        15608                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      3012672                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.percent_links_utilized     0.403885                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Request_Control::0      6387960                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Data::2        35895                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      6310502                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        50612                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         9323                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       802317                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     12743388                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         9119                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         4143                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     11957337                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     51103680                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      2584440                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    454356144                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      3644064                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        74584                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     57766824                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    101947104                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        72952                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        33144                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     95658696                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.percent_links_utilized     0.005181                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Request_Control::0        65942                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Data::2         2250                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        49571                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        41725                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Control::2         5288                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         8103                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       105274                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        27640                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          750                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       110476                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       527536                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       162000                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3569112                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      3004200                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        42304                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       583416                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       842192                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       221120                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         6000                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       883808                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.percent_links_utilized     0.373053                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Request_Control::0      5893391                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Data::2        28979                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      5849941                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        22335                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Control::2         8107                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       753724                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     11757610                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         7884                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         3698                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     11018472                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     47147128                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      2086488                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    421195752                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1608120                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        64856                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     54268128                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     94060880                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        63072                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        29584                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     88147776                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.percent_links_utilized     0.794226                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Request_Control::0     12555451                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Request_Control::1        71729                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::2       143948                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     12397584                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Control::2        17587                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      1602537                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     24990826                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        29084                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        87128                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1         1378                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         8433                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::1            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     23535854                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0    100443608                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       573832                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     10364256                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    892626048                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       140696                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    115382664                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    199926608                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       232672                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       697024                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1        11024                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        67464                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::1            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2    188286832                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.percent_links_utilized     0.003997                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Request_Control::1        36715                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::2        82400                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         7438                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        62694                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          815                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        37469                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       293720                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5932800                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       535536                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       501552                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        23040                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         6520                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       299752                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.percent_links_utilized     0.003899                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Request_Control::1        35014                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Response_Data::2        80691                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         7104                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        61766                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          563                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::1            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        35516                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       280112                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5809752                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       511488                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       494128                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        23040                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         4504                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::1            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       284128                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.percent_links_utilized     0.003932                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.Response_Data::2        91557                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          939                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.Response_Control::2            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        95376                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      6592104                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        67608                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       763008                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        46080                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.percent_links_utilized     0.178102                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Request_Control::0     12555451                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Request_Control::1        71729                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Response_Data::2       235188                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     12397584                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        86992                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Response_Control::2        28129                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      1602537                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     24990826                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       124460                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        87128                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1         1378                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0        10542                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::1            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     23535854                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0    100443608                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       573832                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     16933536                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    892626048                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      6263424                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       225032                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    115382664                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    199926608                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       995680                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        46080                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       697024                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1        11024                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        84336                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::1            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2    188286832                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control     37881540                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data       705564                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data     37192752                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data       260976                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control        84387                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      4807611                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     75363138                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Forwarded_Control       265518                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Invalidate_Control        29520                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Unblock_Control     70607562                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control    303052320                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data     50800608                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.ResponseL2hit_Data   2677878144                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.ResponseLocal_Data     18790272                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control       675096                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    346147992                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    602905104                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Forwarded_Control      2124144                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Invalidate_Control       236160                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Unblock_Control    564860496                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.link_utilization     0.017887                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2         4656                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       187570                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        15910                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        13737                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       192277                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        42485                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1951                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       335232                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     13505040                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1145520                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       109896                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1538216                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       339880                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        15608                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.link_utilization     0.011590                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0       208158                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        42463                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2215                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        23851                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       192277                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       376584                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0      1665264                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      3057336                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        17720                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      1717272                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1538216                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      3012672                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.link_utilization     0.538045                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        35844                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      6310502                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        41579                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         4816                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      6371694                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         9119                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         4143                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      2580768                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    454356144                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      2993688                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        38528                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     50973552                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        72952                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        33144                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.link_utilization     0.269726                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0      6387960                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2           51                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         9033                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         4507                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       802317                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      6371694                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     11957337                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     51103680                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2         3672                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       650376                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        36056                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     57766824                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     50973552                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     95658696                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.link_utilization     0.005716                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2         2250                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        49571                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        14103                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         4327                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        52637                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        27640                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          750                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       162000                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3569112                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1015416                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        34616                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       421096                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       221120                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         6000                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004645                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        65942                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        27622                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          961                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         8103                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        52637                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       110476                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       527536                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1988784                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         7688                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       583416                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       421096                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       883808                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.link_utilization     0.496387                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        28979                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      5849941                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        14461                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         4309                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      5878805                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         7884                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         3698                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      2086488                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    421195752                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1041192                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        34472                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     47030440                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        63072                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        29584                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.link_utilization     0.249720                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0      5893391                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         7874                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         3798                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       753724                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      5878805                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     11018472                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     47147128                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       566928                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        30384                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     54268128                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     47030440                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     88147776                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.link_utilization     0.534570                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::0     12555451                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        71780                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2          939                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      1587995                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     12495413                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        14542                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1         1378                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::1            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     23462869                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0    100443608                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5168160                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         7512                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    114335640                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     99963304                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       116336                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1        11024                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::1            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2    187702952                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.link_utilization     1.053882                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1        71729                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2        72168                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     12397584                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        16648                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        14542                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     12495413                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        14542                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        87128                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         8433                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        72985                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       573832                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5196096                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    892626048                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       133184                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      1047024                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     99963304                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       116336                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       697024                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        67464                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       583880                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.link_utilization     0.001671                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1        36715                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2           61                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         7438                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        55256                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1440                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        37469                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       293720                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2         4392                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       535536                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       442048                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        11520                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       299752                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.link_utilization     0.006323                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2        82339                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         7438                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1440                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          815                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5928408                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        59504                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        11520                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         6520                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.link_utilization     0.001610                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1        35014                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2           61                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         7104                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        54662                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1440                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        35516                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       280112                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2         4392                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       511488                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       437296                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        11520                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       284128                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.link_utilization     0.006189                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2        80630                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         7104                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1440                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          563                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::1            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5805360                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        56832                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        11520                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         4504                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::1            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.link_utilization     0.007036                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        91557                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          939                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      6592104                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        67608                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        23040                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000828                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        95376                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       763008                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        23040                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.link_utilization     0.017887                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2         4656                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       187570                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        15910                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        13737                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       192277                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        42485                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1951                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       335232                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     13505040                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1145520                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       109896                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1538216                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       339880                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        15608                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.link_utilization     0.538045                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2        35844                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      6310502                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        41579                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         4816                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      6371694                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         9119                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         4143                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      2580768                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    454356144                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      2993688                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        38528                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     50973552                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        72952                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        33144                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.link_utilization     0.005716                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::2         2250                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        49571                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        14103                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::2         4327                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        52637                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        27640                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          750                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       162000                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3569112                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1015416                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        34616                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       421096                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       221120                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         6000                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.link_utilization     0.496387                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::2        28979                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      5849941                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        14461                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::2         4309                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      5878805                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         7884                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         3698                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      2086488                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    421195752                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1041192                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        34472                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     47030440                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        63072                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        29584                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.link_utilization     0.534570                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::0     12555451                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::2        71780                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::2          939                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      1587995                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     12495413                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        14542                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1         1378                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::1            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     23462869                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0    100443608                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      5168160                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         7512                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    114335640                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     99963304                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       116336                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1        11024                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::1            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2    187702952                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.link_utilization     0.001671                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::1        36715                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::2           61                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         7438                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        55256                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1440                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        37469                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       293720                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2         4392                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       535536                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       442048                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        11520                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       299752                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.link_utilization     0.001610                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Request_Control::1        35014                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::2           61                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         7104                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        54662                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1440                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        35516                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       280112                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2         4392                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       511488                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       437296                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        11520                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       284128                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.link_utilization     0.007036                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::2        91557                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          939                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Control::2            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      6592104                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        67608                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        23040                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle8.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    489459637                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.313094                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.054788                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      2.618405                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   489432513     99.99%     99.99% |       26178      0.01%    100.00% |         197      0.00%    100.00% |         229      0.00%    100.00% |         392      0.00%    100.00% |         128      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     489459637                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    480295388                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   480295388    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    480295388                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      9164249                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    17.722257                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    17.268444                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     9.580233                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     9137125     99.70%     99.70% |       26178      0.29%     99.99% |         197      0.00%     99.99% |         229      0.00%     99.99% |         392      0.00%    100.00% |         128      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      9164249                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples    167336721                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.075649                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.011475                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      1.632916                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |   167334116    100.00%    100.00% |        2410      0.00%    100.00% |          31      0.00%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |         105      0.00%    100.00% |          34      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total     167336721                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    166686935                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   166686935    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    166686935                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       649786                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    20.481620                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    18.885313                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    17.567341                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      647181     99.60%     99.60% |        2410      0.37%     99.97% |          31      0.00%     99.97% |          24      0.00%     99.98% |         105      0.02%     99.99% |          34      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       649786                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   2222061926                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.019849                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.003476                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.600103                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  2222059681    100.00%    100.00% |        2165      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |          33      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   2222061926                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   2219344375                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2219344375    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   2219344375                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2717551                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    17.230313                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    17.074720                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     5.600116                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |     2715306     99.92%     99.92% |        2165      0.08%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |          33      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      2717551                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      1412185                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.212369                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.029193                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.900985                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |     1412021     99.99%     99.99% |         159      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      1412185                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1398964                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1398964    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      1398964                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        13221                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    23.683988                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    21.618286                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    19.728083                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       13057     98.76%     98.76% |         159      1.20%     99.96% |           1      0.01%     99.97% |           1      0.01%     99.98% |           2      0.02%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        13221                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       801692                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.873278                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.052472                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    10.534255                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      801111     99.93%     99.93% |         473      0.06%     99.99% |          36      0.00%     99.99% |          23      0.00%     99.99% |          34      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       801692                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       791048                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      791048    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       791048                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        10644                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    66.774145                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    47.082875                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    63.950978                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       10063     94.54%     94.54% |         473      4.44%     98.99% |          36      0.34%     99.32% |          23      0.22%     99.54% |          34      0.32%     99.86% |          15      0.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        10644                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       801692                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      801692    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       801692                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       801692                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      801692    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       801692                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |        9586     51.13%     51.13% |        9162     48.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total        18748                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS    |       27129     51.21%     51.21% |       25852     48.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS::total        52981                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX    |        7430     51.16%     51.16% |        7094     48.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX::total        14524                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTO_SHARERS |           8     44.44%     44.44% |          10     55.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTO_SHARERS::total           18                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Unblock |       20044     50.85%     50.85% |       19375     49.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Unblock::total        39419                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Last_Unblock |        7085     52.24%     52.24% |        6477     47.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Last_Unblock::total        13562                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |       11026     50.98%     50.98% |       10602     49.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total        21628                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Dirty_Writeback |        7438     51.15%     51.15% |        7104     48.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Dirty_Writeback::total        14542                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |       82339     50.52%     50.52% |       80630     49.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       162969                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |        8878     50.96%     50.96% |        8544     49.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total        17422                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |       46378     50.14%     50.14% |       46118     49.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total        92496                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        1440     50.00%     50.00% |        1440     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         2880                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_ACK |         754     60.03%     60.03% |         502     39.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_ACK::total         1256                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |          61     50.00%     50.00% |          61     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total          122                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX  |        4451     49.99%     49.99% |        4453     50.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX::total         8904                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETS  |       20044     50.85%     50.85% |       19375     49.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETS::total        39419                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Memory_Ack |        7431     51.15%     51.15% |        7098     48.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Memory_Ack::total        14529                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |       45624     50.00%     50.00% |       45616     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total        91240                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        1379     50.02%     50.02% |        1378     49.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total         2757                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETX  |        5135     52.16%     52.16% |        4709     47.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETX::total         9844                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETS  |        7085     52.24%     52.24% |        6477     47.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETS::total        13562                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.Memory_Ack |           8     44.44%     44.44% |          10     55.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.Memory_Ack::total           18                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.DMA_WRITE |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.DMA_WRITE::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX  |        7430     51.16%     51.16% |        7094     48.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX::total        14524                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTO_SHARERS |           8     44.44%     44.44% |          10     55.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTO_SHARERS::total           18                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |         754     60.03%     60.03% |         502     39.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total         1256                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |          61     50.00%     50.00% |          61     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          122                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Unblock |       20044     50.85%     50.85% |       19375     49.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Unblock::total        39419                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Memory_Data |       20044     50.85%     50.85% |       19375     49.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Memory_Data::total        39419                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Last_Unblock |        7085     52.24%     52.24% |        6477     47.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Last_Unblock::total        13562                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Memory_Data |        7085     52.24%     52.24% |        6477     47.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Memory_Data::total        13562                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock |        9586     51.13%     51.13% |        9162     48.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock::total        18748                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Data |        9586     51.13%     51.13% |        9162     48.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Data::total        18748                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Dirty_Writeback |        7430     51.16%     51.16% |        7094     48.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Dirty_Writeback::total        14524                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MIS.Dirty_Writeback |           8     44.44%     44.44% |          10     55.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MIS.Dirty_Writeback::total           18                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_M.Memory_Data |       45624     50.00%     50.00% |       45616     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_M.Memory_Data::total        91240                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Exclusive_Unblock |        1440     50.00%     50.00% |        1440     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Exclusive_Unblock::total         2880                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Memory_Ack |        1439     50.05%     50.05% |        1436     49.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Memory_Ack::total         2875                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.OI_D.Data |          61     50.00%     50.00% |          61     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.OI_D.Data::total          122                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MD.DMA_ACK |         754     60.03%     60.03% |         502     39.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MD.DMA_ACK::total         1256                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |       92496    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total        92496                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        2880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         2880                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |       92496    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total          92496                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.DMA_Ack       |        2880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.DMA_Ack::total         2880                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Inv_Ack       |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Inv_Ack::total            1                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.All_Acks      |        2880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.All_Acks::total         2880                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |       92496    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total        92496                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        2880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         2880                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |       92496    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total        92496                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.DMA_Ack |        2880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.DMA_Ack::total         2880                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Inv_Ack |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Inv_Ack::total            1                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.All_Acks |        2880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.All_Acks::total         2880                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |    13487978      2.76%      2.76% |   236133419     48.24%     51.00% |      738016      0.15%     51.15% |   239100466     48.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    489459879                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    68082101      3.06%      3.06% |  1084780508     48.82%     51.88% |     3537486      0.16%     52.04% |  1065661831     47.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total   2222061926                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     6700275      3.93%      3.93% |    81002532     47.55%     51.48% |      529051      0.31%     51.79% |    82120432     48.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total    170352290                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      196765      1.57%      1.57% |     6375782     50.95%     52.53% |       57410      0.46%     52.99% |     5882882     47.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total     12512839                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Own_GETX  |          22     25.88%     25.88% |          35     41.18%     67.06% |          18     21.18%     88.24% |          10     11.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Own_GETX::total           85                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |        3160     19.02%     19.02% |        2600     15.65%     34.67% |        8620     51.89%     86.56% |        2233     13.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total        16613                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |       39080     55.95%     55.95% |        6327      9.06%     65.01% |       18853     26.99%     92.00% |        5587      8.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        69847                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_DMA   |         264     28.12%     28.12% |         364     38.76%     66.88% |         211     22.47%     89.35% |         100     10.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_DMA::total          939                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |        1951     18.51%     18.51% |        4143     39.30%     57.81% |         750      7.11%     64.92% |        3698     35.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        10542                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |       13737     50.52%     50.52% |        4816     17.71%     68.24% |        4327     15.91%     84.15% |        4309     15.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total        27189                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |      177396      1.62%      1.62% |     5602965     51.03%     52.64% |       47837      0.44%     53.08% |     5152215     46.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total     10980413                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data |       30740      1.95%      1.95% |      784960     49.84%     51.79% |       18087      1.15%     52.94% |      741166     47.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total      1574953                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |      168426      1.54%      1.54% |     5569377     51.06%     52.60% |       44534      0.41%     53.01% |     5125081     46.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total     10907418                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack_Data |       23851      1.50%      1.50% |      802317     50.52%     52.03% |        8103      0.51%     52.54% |      753724     47.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack_Data::total      1587995                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks  |       15990      2.37%      2.37% |      335899     49.86%     52.24% |        5725      0.85%     53.09% |      316037     46.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks::total       673651                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_Timeout |       30762      1.95%      1.95% |      784995     49.84%     51.79% |       18105      1.15%     52.94% |      741176     47.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_Timeout::total      1575038                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       61967      0.68%      0.68% |     4243700     46.31%     46.98% |       22411      0.24%     47.23% |     4836171     52.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total      9164249                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |      130201      4.79%      4.79% |     1808361     66.54%     71.33% |       37806      1.39%     72.73% |      741183     27.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total      2717551                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |       11737      1.79%      1.79% |      329415     50.22%     52.01% |        4115      0.63%     52.64% |      310665     47.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total       655932                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        4488     25.75%     25.75% |        4088     23.46%     49.21% |        4773     27.39%     76.60% |        4077     23.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        17426                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |     5721918      2.09%      2.09% |   134176401     48.96%     51.05% |      173852      0.06%     51.12% |   133957576     48.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total    274029747                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |    67951900      3.06%      3.06% |  1082972147     48.80%     51.86% |     3499680      0.16%     52.02% |  1064920648     47.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total   2219344375                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        4231     23.99%     23.99% |        6449     36.57%     60.56% |        1592      9.03%     69.59% |        5362     30.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total        17634                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      170940      1.56%      1.56% |     5592324     51.06%     52.62% |       45742      0.42%     53.04% |     5142855     46.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total     10951861                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Fwd_GETS |         716     38.96%     38.96% |         230     12.51%     51.47% |         345     18.77%     70.24% |         547     29.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Fwd_GETS::total         1838                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        1951     18.51%     18.51% |        4143     39.30%     57.81% |         750      7.11%     64.92% |        3698     35.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total        10542                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load    |        3135     32.91%     32.91% |        1932     20.28%     53.20% |        3796     39.85%     93.05% |         662      6.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load::total         9525                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store   |          22     25.88%     25.88% |          35     41.18%     67.06% |          18     21.18%     88.24% |          10     11.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store::total           85                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_Replacement |         164     22.75%     22.75% |         148     20.53%     43.27% |         263     36.48%     79.75% |         146     20.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_Replacement::total          721                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETX |        2344     17.75%     17.75% |        1733     13.12%     30.87% |        7617     57.67%     88.53% |        1515     11.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETX::total        13209                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETS |       29306     75.24%     75.24% |        1114      2.86%     78.10% |        7734     19.86%     97.96% |         795      2.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETS::total        38949                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |       52271      1.98%      1.98% |     1273353     48.29%     50.27% |       42002      1.59%     51.87% |     1269150     48.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      2636776                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |        2504      2.19%      2.19% |       60647     52.94%     55.13% |        1832      1.60%     56.73% |       49571     43.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total       114554                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |        8747      1.28%      1.28% |      335780     49.10%     50.38% |        1540      0.23%     50.61% |      337747     49.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       683814                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |         338     28.79%     28.79% |         230     19.59%     48.38% |         415     35.35%     83.73% |         191     16.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total         1174                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |        2522     17.94%     17.94% |        1878     13.36%     31.29% |        7995     56.86%     88.16% |        1665     11.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total        14060                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load  |       16809      5.23%      5.23% |      160532     49.99%     55.23% |        8346      2.60%     57.83% |      135430     42.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load::total       321117                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store |         677      0.77%      0.77% |       50545     57.63%     58.40% |         633      0.72%     59.13% |       35847     40.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store::total        87702                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETS |          10      6.71%      6.71% |         107     71.81%     78.52% |          18     12.08%     90.60% |          14      9.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETS::total          149                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_Timeout |       14095      1.73%      1.73% |      398551     48.98%     50.71% |       11747      1.44%     52.16% |      389292     47.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_Timeout::total       813685                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |     7630522      3.76%      3.76% |    96199194     47.35%     51.11% |      486957      0.24%     51.35% |    98838962     48.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total    203155635                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |     6646197      3.95%      3.95% |    79952153     47.52%     51.47% |      510830      0.30%     51.77% |    81150669     48.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total    168259849                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement |       12426      1.45%      1.45% |      443442     51.62%     53.07% |        5092      0.59%     53.66% |      398057     46.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement::total       859017                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX |         478     21.43%     21.43% |         637     28.57%     50.00% |         588     26.37%     76.37% |         527     23.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX::total         2230                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS |        6495     44.35%     44.35% |        2898     19.79%     64.14% |        2717     18.55%     82.70% |        2534     17.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS::total        14644                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_DMA |         264     28.12%     28.12% |         364     38.76%     66.88% |         211     22.47%     89.35% |         100     10.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_DMA::total          939                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load |        1356      0.95%      0.95% |       78177     54.83%     55.78% |         648      0.45%     56.23% |       62407     43.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load::total       142588                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store |       34907      2.87%      2.87% |      603288     49.59%     52.46% |       10031      0.82%     53.28% |      568308     46.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store::total      1216534                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETS |          31     14.98%     14.98% |         100     48.31%     63.29% |          44     21.26%     84.54% |          32     15.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETS::total          207                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_Timeout |       16667      2.19%      2.19% |      386444     50.76%     52.95% |        6358      0.84%     53.78% |      351884     46.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_Timeout::total       761353                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |        6289     46.99%     46.99% |        2343     17.50%     64.49% |        2424     18.11%     82.60% |        2329     17.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total        13385                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data |       11737      1.79%      1.79% |      329415     50.22%     52.01% |        4115      0.63%     52.64% |      310665     47.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data::total       655932                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        7311     56.81%     56.81% |        2096     16.29%     73.10% |        1644     12.77%     85.87% |        1818     14.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total        12869                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Exclusive_Data |        4231     23.99%     23.99% |        6449     36.57%     60.56% |        1592      9.03%     69.59% |        5362     30.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Exclusive_Data::total        17634                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Own_GETX |          22     25.88%     25.88% |          35     41.18%     67.06% |          18     21.18%     88.24% |          10     11.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Own_GETX::total           85                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack    |         137     14.65%     14.65% |         377     40.32%     54.97% |         259     27.70%     82.67% |         162     17.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack::total          935                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks |       15990      2.37%      2.37% |      335899     49.86%     52.24% |        5725      0.85%     53.09% |      316037     46.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks::total       673651                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |      177396      1.62%      1.62% |     5602965     51.03%     52.64% |       47837      0.44%     53.08% |     5152215     46.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total     10980413                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data |       14772      1.64%      1.64% |      449096     49.82%     51.46% |       12380      1.37%     52.84% |      425139     47.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data::total       901387                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Load   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          95     46.12%     46.12% |           4      1.94%     48.06% |         107     51.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Load::total          206                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack |      168426      1.54%      1.54% |     5569377     51.06%     52.60% |       44534      0.41%     53.01% |     5125081     46.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack::total     10907418                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack_Data |        2514      5.66%      5.66% |       22947     51.63%     57.29% |        1208      2.72%     60.01% |       17774     39.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total        44443                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack_Data |         164     22.75%     22.75% |         148     20.53%     43.27% |         263     36.48%     79.75% |         146     20.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total          721                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          35     97.22%     97.22% |           0      0.00%     97.22% |           1      2.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load::total           36                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack_Data |       21173      1.37%      1.37% |      779222     50.51%     51.88% |        6632      0.43%     52.31% |      735804     47.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total      1542831                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS       11881907      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX         673654      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTO            721      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX        1542831      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTS_only     10504271      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTS         447595      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX           122      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Fwd_DMA           1256      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Inv                  1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.All_Acks         18748      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Data             71729      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive           51      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_WBCLEANDATA        44443      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_WBDIRTYDATA      1543552      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack        14542      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock       21887831      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock      1575038      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.DmaAck             939      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement        45113      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS        52981      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX         8926      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_GETS         1838      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_GETX         9548      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_PUTS_only        42714      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_PUTS         1729      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_GETS        28704      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_GETX         3404      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_PUTX      1542831      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.Fwd_DMA          939      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_GETS        31541      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_GETX          738      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_PUTO          384      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.Fwd_GETX           51      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_GETS         7408      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_GETX        12505      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTO          337      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTS_only        32721      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTS         1640      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L1_GETS     10428463      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L1_GETX           99      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.Inv                1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement        29469      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_GETS         7113      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_GETX           87      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_PUTS_only          219      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_PUTS         7050      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L2_Replacement           18      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_GETS       437009      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_GETX          175      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_PUTS_only     10428616      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_PUTS       437172      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L2_Replacement         1102      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS       886743      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX       638169      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX           71      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_DMA          317      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement        14524      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFGX.Data_Exclusive           51      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA          384      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.Unblock        32721      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA          337      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.Unblock         1640      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSW.L1_PUTS            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSW.Unblock       437172      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILSW.L1_WBCLEANDATA         1729      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IW.L1_WBCLEANDATA        42714      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SW.Unblock     10428616      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OXW.Unblock          219      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXW.Unblock         7050      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA      1542831      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLS.Unblock         1838      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOX.Unblock        31541      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOX.Exclusive_Unblock           87      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.L1_GETS           69      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.Unblock        14060      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.Exclusive_Unblock        18786      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOSX.L1_GETX            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOSX.Unblock         7408      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.L1_GETS           38      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.Exclusive_Unblock        12505      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.Data         52981      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.Unblock        52981      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGM.Data          9025      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMLS.Data         9723      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.All_Acks        18748      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.Exclusive_Unblock        18748      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock       638169      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.Unblock     10428463      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OO.Exclusive_Unblock       886743      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXS.Unblock         7113      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.L1_PUTS_only            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.Unblock       437009      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack        14524      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSI.Writeback_Ack           18      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXD.DmaAck          939      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.997704                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2997704128500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               56148443577001                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 138870                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   233050                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              269000558                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2226500                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 11143.86                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1547548106                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2597077531                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      8135168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           8135168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1304576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        1304576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       127112                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             127112                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0        20384                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             20384                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      2713800                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total              2713800                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0       435192                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total              435192                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0      3148991                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total             3148991                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     127112                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                     20384                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   127112                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                   20384                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               8131008                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   4160                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                1305344                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                8135168                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             1304576                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    65                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            12053                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            10492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            10943                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             9167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             5574                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             4217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             4651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             5098                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             6067                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             5294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            4936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            5456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           10206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           11520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           10858                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           10515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             1317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             1119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             1239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3              696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4              845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5              971                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             1101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             1452                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             2004                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             1248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10             980                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            1016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            1864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            1684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            1476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            1384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 2997702486500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               127112                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6               20384                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 125675                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   1368                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                   919                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                   951                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                  1131                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                  1190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                  1169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                  1155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                  1181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                  1163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                  1174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                  1166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                  1149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                  1150                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                  1152                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                  1153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                  1147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                  1144                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                  1145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                  1144                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        43651                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   216.180156                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   126.277397                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   286.651937                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        22965     52.61%     52.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        11386     26.08%     78.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2517      5.77%     84.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1096      2.51%     86.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          683      1.56%     88.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          478      1.10%     89.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          451      1.03%     90.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          377      0.86%     91.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3698      8.47%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        43651                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1144                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean    119.504371                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   534.073188                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-511         1128     98.60%     98.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023            8      0.70%     99.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3583            1      0.09%     99.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4607            2      0.17%     99.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            1      0.09%     99.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            1      0.09%     99.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            1      0.09%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            2      0.17%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total         1144                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1144                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.828671                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.789855                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.203821                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16             210     18.36%     18.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17              13      1.14%     19.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18             833     72.81%     92.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19              24      2.10%     94.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20              26      2.27%     96.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21               4      0.35%     97.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22              26      2.27%     99.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::23               4      0.35%     99.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::24               3      0.26%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::25               1      0.09%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total         1144                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                   855308499                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             3237439749                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 635235000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                     6732.22                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               25482.22                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        2.71                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.44                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     2.71                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.44                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     24.27                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   96345                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                   7448                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                75.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               36.54                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                  20323957.85                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   70.40                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy               163651320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                89293875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy              513778200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy              56635200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        196061068320                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy         89289378810                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        1722738543000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          2008912348725                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           669.242389                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2863804593250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF 100100000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  33799870500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy               188281800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy               102733125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy              552918600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy              75530880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        196061068320                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy         91110784455                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        1721140818750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          2009232135930                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           669.348921                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2861680653000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF 100100000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  35925597000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      8008064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           8008064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1269056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        1269056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       125126                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             125126                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1        19829                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             19829                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      2671399                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total              2671399                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1       423343                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total              423343                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1      3094742                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total             3094742                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     125126                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                     19829                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   125126                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                   19829                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               8001920                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   6144                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                1268096                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                8008064                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             1269056                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    96                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            11815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            10439                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            10756                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             9064                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             5462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             4182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             4415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             4925                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             5958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             5159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            4825                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            5423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           10091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           11480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           10712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           10324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             1253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             1077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             1158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3              685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4              824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5              969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             1056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             1374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             1984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             1204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10             994                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            1004                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            1773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            1689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            1412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            1358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 2997703648000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               125126                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6               19829                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 123708                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   1307                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                     15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                   900                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                   936                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                  1103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                  1166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                  1131                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                  1117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                  1144                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                  1127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                  1139                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                  1128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                  1116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                  1114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                  1119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                  1119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                  1111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                  1110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                  1111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                  1108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        42087                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   220.262979                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   127.943956                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   290.390540                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        21968     52.20%     52.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        10908     25.92%     78.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2396      5.69%     83.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1155      2.74%     86.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          695      1.65%     88.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          466      1.11%     89.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          447      1.06%     90.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          341      0.81%     91.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3711      8.82%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        42087                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1108                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean    112.759928                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   457.594632                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-511         1090     98.38%     98.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023            9      0.81%     99.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535            2      0.18%     99.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2559            2      0.18%     99.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            2      0.18%     99.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            1      0.09%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            1      0.09%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      0.09%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total         1108                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1108                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.882671                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.837841                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.334941                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16             190     17.15%     17.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17              16      1.44%     18.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18             807     72.83%     91.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19              29      2.62%     94.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20              29      2.62%     96.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21               3      0.27%     96.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22              25      2.26%     99.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::23               3      0.27%     99.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::24               3      0.27%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::30               2      0.18%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::31               1      0.09%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total         1108                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   833059992                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             3177372492                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 625150000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                     6662.88                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               25412.88                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        2.67                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.42                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     2.67                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.42                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.07                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   95274                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                   7485                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                76.20                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               37.75                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                  20680236.27                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   70.94                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy               157361400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                85861875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy              504457200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy              54406080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        196061068320                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy         88927218765                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        1723056227250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          2008846600890                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           669.220486                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2864346379750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF 100100000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  33258233000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy               182664720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                99668250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy              546140400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy              74092320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        196061068320                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy         90888058665                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        1721336192250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          2009187884925                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           669.334180                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2862034437000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF 100100000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  35571813000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      5995705962                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   50998116                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     90267565                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             79703460                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses              19670334                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    1392632                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      6791563                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    79703460                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                     19670334                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          162952716                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          59715566                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads            27236205                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes           14494235                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            60300249                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           25165438                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     21353410                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   14310927                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   7042483                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              5801619923.085116                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              194086038.914884                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.032371                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.967629                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          9223867                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass               225934      0.25%      0.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 59614894     66.04%     66.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  247133      0.27%     66.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                   840416      0.93%     67.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                7928212      8.78%     76.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                     48      0.00%     76.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                  57876      0.06%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                14310927     15.85%     92.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                7042483      7.80%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  90267923                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      5995613730                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  755859560                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                   1257458455                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            959327893                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses             480930359                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                   17377555                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     85506447                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   959327893                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                    480930359                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         2017783239                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         648588550                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads           766076072                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes          393426396                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           715658231                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes          276578138                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    315668799                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                  234016819                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  81651980                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              3041823627.007775                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              2953790102.992225                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.492659                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.507341                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                        114844435                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass              1636118      0.13%      0.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                727994215     57.89%     58.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                 2114705      0.17%     58.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                  8190330      0.65%     58.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd              201439048     16.02%     74.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     74.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                     16      0.00%     74.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     74.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                 415528      0.03%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead               234016819     18.61%     93.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               81651980      6.49%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                1257458759                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      5995408257                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    4182069                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      8529808                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              8364957                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                  3262                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     219226                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       665498                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     8364957                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                         3262                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           16714954                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           6848570                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                5319                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes               2571                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             4929884                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            2770824                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      1926031                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                    1203661                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    722370                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              5976792772.048006                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              18615484.951994                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.003105                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.996895                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           952548                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass               102767      1.20%      1.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  6453756     75.66%     76.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   14023      0.16%     77.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    30999      0.36%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                   2462      0.03%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                 1203661     14.11%     91.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 722370      8.47%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   8530038                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      5994441279                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                  734933848                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                   1237892564                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses            949561841                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses             466372426                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                   17540275                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts     82347092                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                   949561841                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                    466372426                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads         2026983730                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes         652613604                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads           738854300                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes          383272916                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads           693828897                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes          261397842                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                    316786135                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                  235449943                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                  81336192                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              3117697245.628640                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              2876744033.371360                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.479902                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.520098                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                        111623751                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass              1832881      0.15%      0.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                715861050     57.83%     57.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                 2404933      0.19%     58.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                 10644779      0.86%     59.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd              189768252     15.33%     74.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     74.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                     32      0.00%     74.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     74.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                 594752      0.05%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead               235449943     19.02%     93.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite               81336192      6.57%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                1237892814                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 7962                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                7962                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                9483                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               9483                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               982                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              982                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          476                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         1898                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1184                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1694                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          472                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2026                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5392                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1240                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         2898                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         7554                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2066                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        13782                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          990                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         2456                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         5010                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2004                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        10466                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          956                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1742                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          552                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2046                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5316                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   36854                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          948                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          948                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          948                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         3796                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          670                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         3388                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          236                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4052                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         8378                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         5796                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         3777                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4132                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           24                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        14457                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          558                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         4912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         2505                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        11995                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          538                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         3484                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          276                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4092                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         8430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    47056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              3786000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy              7487982                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             8445500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             2912954                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             3051603                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             2898472                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             3013622                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy             1437405                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             4002500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy            11118500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             8363000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             3991500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages         1432                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes      5865472                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs         1432                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           47                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes       192512                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           47                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   5789582040                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000439                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  5789580924    100.00%    100.00% |        1116      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   5789582040                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     5789582040                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.075267                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.012593                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         1.392716                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  5789495369    100.00%    100.00% |       82537      0.00%    100.00% |         883      0.00%    100.00% |         788      0.00%    100.00% |        1775      0.00%    100.00% |         682      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       5789582040                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   5764243750                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  5764243750    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   5764243750                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     25338290                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    18.197772                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    17.450499                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    12.195334                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |    25251619     99.66%     99.66% |       82537      0.33%     99.98% |         883      0.00%     99.99% |         788      0.00%     99.99% |        1775      0.01%    100.00% |         682      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     25338290                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits     21244392                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses       119025                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     21363417                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits     71641538                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses       156373                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses     71797911                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles             2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits    316494360                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses      4658107                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    321152467                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits   1095717313                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses      1828007                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses   1097545320                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            32                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1874047                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses        52036                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1926083                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits      5386138                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        49378                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses      5435516                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles             4                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits    316485432                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses      5169832                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    321655264                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits   1066082128                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses       750081                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses   1066832209                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles            96                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits     12518872                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses       263967                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses     12782839                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers0.percent_links_utilized     0.019583                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Request_Control::0       275398                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        22899                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       232815                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        64742                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        18462                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        54405                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       506866                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        45108                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         2365                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       474426                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0      2203184                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1648728                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     16762680                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      4661424                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       147696                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      3917160                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      4054928                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       360864                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        18920                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      3795408                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.percent_links_utilized     0.407959                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Request_Control::0      6486114                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Data::2        92000                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      6346714                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        62603                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        12289                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       867461                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     12919448                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        15545                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         4464                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     12078377                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     51888912                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      6624000                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    456963408                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      4507416                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        98312                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     62457192                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    103355584                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       124360                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        35712                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     96627016                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.percent_links_utilized     0.007850                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Request_Control::0       101414                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Data::2         8868                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        73849                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        50619                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Control::2         8161                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        23558                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       166618                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        32132                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1064                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       161165                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       811312                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       638496                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      5317128                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      3644568                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        65288                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      1696176                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1332944                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       257056                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         8512                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      1289320                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.percent_links_utilized     0.371445                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Request_Control::0      5919913                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Data::2        37282                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      5865494                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        28237                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Control::2         9440                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       766164                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     11803876                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        11176                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         3915                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     11055687                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     47359304                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      2684304                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    422315568                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      2033064                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        75520                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     55163808                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     94431008                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        89408                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        31320                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     88445496                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.percent_links_utilized     0.808110                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Request_Control::0     12782839                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Request_Control::1       160998                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::2       322486                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     12518872                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Control::2        24737                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      1748793                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     25396808                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        74411                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0       103961                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1         1380                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         9635                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::1            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     23931911                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0    102262712                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      1287984                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     23218992                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    901358784                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       197896                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    125913096                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    203174464                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       595288                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       831688                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1        11040                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        77080                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::1            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2    191455288                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.percent_links_utilized     0.006537                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Request_Control::1        81488                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::2       127173                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        18880                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        85644                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         3008                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          817                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        82244                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       651904                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      9156456                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      1359360                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       685152                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        24064                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       657952                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.percent_links_utilized     0.006417                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Request_Control::1        79510                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Response_Data::2       125187                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        18325                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        84273                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         3008                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          563                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::1            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        80012                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       636080                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      9013464                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      1319400                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       674184                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        24064                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         4504                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::1            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       640096                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.percent_links_utilized     0.003895                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.Response_Data::2        91557                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          941                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.Response_Control::2            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        95506                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      6592104                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        67752                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       764048                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        48128                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.percent_links_utilized     0.181312                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Request_Control::0     12782839                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Request_Control::1       160998                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Response_Data::2       413726                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     12518872                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2       103571                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Response_Control::2        36545                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      1748793                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     25396808                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       169917                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0       103961                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1         1380                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0        11808                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::1            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     23931911                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0    102262712                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      1287984                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     29788272                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    901358784                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      7457112                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       292360                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    125913096                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    203174464                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      1359336                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        48128                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       831688                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1        11040                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        94464                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::1            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2    191455288                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control     38831511                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data      1241178                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data     37556616                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data       310713                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control       109635                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      5246379                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     76718223                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Forwarded_Control       316023                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Invalidate_Control        33254                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Unblock_Control     71795733                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control    310652088                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data     89364816                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.ResponseL2hit_Data   2704076352                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.ResponseLocal_Data     22371336                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control       877080                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    377739288                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    613745784                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Forwarded_Control      2528184                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Invalidate_Control       266032                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Unblock_Control    574365864                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.link_utilization     0.023310                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        22899                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       232815                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        19659                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        15831                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       253433                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        45108                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         2365                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1648728                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     16762680                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1415448                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       126648                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2027464                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       360864                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        18920                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.link_utilization     0.015856                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0       275398                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        45083                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2631                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        54405                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       253433                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       474426                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0      2203184                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      3245976                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        21048                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      3917160                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2027464                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      3795408                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.link_utilization     0.540920                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        91949                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      6346714                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        47280                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         7461                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      6459724                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        15545                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         4464                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      6620328                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    456963408                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      3404160                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        59688                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     51677792                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       124360                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        35712                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.link_utilization     0.274998                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0      6486114                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2           51                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        15323                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         4828                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       867461                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      6459724                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     12078377                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     51888912                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2         3672                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1103256                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        38624                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     62457192                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     51677792                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     96627016                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.link_utilization     0.008633                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2         8868                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        73849                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        18592                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         6886                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        83309                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        32132                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1064                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       638496                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      5317128                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1338624                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        55088                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       666472                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       257056                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         8512                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.link_utilization     0.007067                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0       101414                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        32027                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         1275                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        23558                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        83309                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       161165                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       811312                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      2305944                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        10200                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      1696176                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       666472                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      1289320                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.link_utilization     0.493722                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        37282                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      5865494                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        17099                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         5425                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      5901938                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        11176                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         3915                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      2684304                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    422315568                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1231128                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        43400                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     47215504                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        89408                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        31320                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.link_utilization     0.249168                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0      5919913                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        11138                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         4015                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       766164                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      5901938                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     11055687                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     47359304                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       801936                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        32120                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     55163808                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     47215504                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     88445496                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.link_utilization     0.551623                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::0     12782839                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2       161049                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2          941                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      1711588                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     12698404                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        37205                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1         1380                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::1            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     23769655                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0    102262712                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     11595528                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         7528                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    123234336                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    101587232                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       297640                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1        11040                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::1            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2    190157240                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.link_utilization     1.064597                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1       160998                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2       161437                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     12518872                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        23796                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        37205                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     12698404                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        37206                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0       103961                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         9635                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       162256                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      1287984                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     11623464                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    901358784                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       190368                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      2678760                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    101587232                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       297648                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       831688                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        77080                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      1298048                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.link_utilization     0.003356                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1        81488                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2           61                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        18880                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        66764                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1504                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        82244                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       651904                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2         4392                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      1359360                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       534112                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        12032                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       657952                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.link_utilization     0.009718                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2       127112                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        18880                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1504                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          817                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      9152064                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       151040                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        12032                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         6536                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.link_utilization     0.003273                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1        79510                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2           61                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        18325                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        65948                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1504                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        80012                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       636080                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2         4392                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      1319400                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       527584                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        12032                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       640096                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.link_utilization     0.009562                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2       125126                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        18325                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1504                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          563                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::1            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      9009072                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       146600                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        12032                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         4504                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::1            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.link_utilization     0.006968                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        91557                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          941                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         3008                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      6592104                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        67752                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        24064                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000822                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        95506                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         3008                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       764048                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        24064                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.link_utilization     0.023310                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        22899                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       232815                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        19659                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        15831                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       253433                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        45108                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         2365                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1648728                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     16762680                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1415448                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       126648                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2027464                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       360864                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        18920                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.link_utilization     0.540920                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2        91949                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      6346714                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        47280                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         7461                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      6459724                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        15545                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         4464                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      6620328                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    456963408                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      3404160                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        59688                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     51677792                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       124360                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        35712                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.link_utilization     0.008633                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::2         8868                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        73849                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        18592                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::2         6886                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        83309                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        32132                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1064                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       638496                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      5317128                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1338624                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        55088                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       666472                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       257056                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         8512                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.link_utilization     0.493722                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::2        37282                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      5865494                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        17099                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::2         5425                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      5901938                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        11176                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         3915                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      2684304                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    422315568                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1231128                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        43400                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     47215504                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        89408                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        31320                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.link_utilization     0.551623                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::0     12782839                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::2       161049                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::2          941                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      1711588                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     12698404                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        37205                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1         1380                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::1            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     23769655                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0    102262712                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     11595528                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         7528                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    123234336                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    101587232                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       297640                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1        11040                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::1            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2    190157240                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.link_utilization     0.003356                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::1        81488                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::2           61                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        18880                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        66764                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1504                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        82244                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       651904                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2         4392                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      1359360                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       534112                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        12032                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       657952                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.link_utilization     0.003273                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Request_Control::1        79510                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::2           61                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        18325                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        65948                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1504                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        80012                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       636080                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2         4392                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      1319400                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       527584                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        12032                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       640096                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.link_utilization     0.006968                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::2        91557                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          941                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Control::2            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         3008                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      6592104                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        67752                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        24064                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle8.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    982438975                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.319655                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.055034                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      2.798834                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   982373686     99.99%     99.99% |       62625      0.01%    100.00% |         540      0.00%    100.00% |         555      0.00%    100.00% |        1134      0.00%    100.00% |         431      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     982438975                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    964001534                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   964001534    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    964001534                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     18437441                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    18.032801                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    17.368269                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    11.521065                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |    18372152     99.65%     99.65% |       62625      0.34%     99.99% |         540      0.00%     99.99% |         555      0.00%     99.99% |        1134      0.01%    100.00% |         431      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     18437441                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples    337237210                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.085902                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.011909                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      2.049404                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |   337226229    100.00%    100.00% |       10077      0.00%    100.00% |         203      0.00%    100.00% |         126      0.00%    100.00% |         424      0.00%    100.00% |         149      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total     337237210                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    335895351                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   335895351    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    335895351                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1341859                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    22.588894                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    19.595437                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    24.317406                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     1330878     99.18%     99.18% |       10077      0.75%     99.93% |         203      0.02%     99.95% |         126      0.01%     99.96% |         424      0.03%     99.99% |         149      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1341859                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   4463672882                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.020214                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.003507                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.632000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  4463664691    100.00%    100.00% |        7896      0.00%    100.00% |          60      0.00%    100.00% |          53      0.00%    100.00% |         121      0.00%    100.00% |          61      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   4463672882                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   4458171492                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  4458171492    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   4458171492                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5501390                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    17.400767                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    17.126972                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     7.444950                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |     5493199     99.85%     99.85% |        7896      0.14%     99.99% |          60      0.00%    100.00% |          53      0.00%    100.00% |         121      0.00%    100.00% |          61      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      5501390                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      2943669                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.237334                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.031052                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.368446                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |     2943140     99.98%     99.98% |         510      0.02%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      2943669                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2914646                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     2914646    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      2914646                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        29023                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    25.071667                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    22.232721                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    24.022975                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       28494     98.18%     98.18% |         510      1.76%     99.93% |           3      0.01%     99.94% |           3      0.01%     99.96% |          11      0.04%     99.99% |           2      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        29023                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      1644652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.110242                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.068625                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    11.750755                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |     1642971     99.90%     99.90% |        1429      0.09%     99.98% |          77      0.00%     99.99% |          51      0.00%     99.99% |          85      0.01%    100.00% |          39      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      1644652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1616075                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1616075    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      1616075                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        28577                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    64.896175                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.598336                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    62.730299                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       26896     94.12%     94.12% |        1429      5.00%     99.12% |          77      0.27%     99.39% |          51      0.18%     99.57% |          85      0.30%     99.86% |          39      0.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        28577                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples      1644652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1644652    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total      1644652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1644652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1644652    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      1644652                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |       24029     50.54%     50.54% |       23517     49.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total        47546                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS    |       57459     50.65%     50.65% |       55993     49.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS::total       113452                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX    |       18842     50.72%     50.72% |       18309     49.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX::total        37151                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTO_SHARERS |          38     69.09%     69.09% |          17     30.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTO_SHARERS::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Unblock |       40965     50.52%     50.52% |       40116     49.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Unblock::total        81081                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Last_Unblock |       16494     50.95%     50.95% |       15877     49.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Last_Unblock::total        32371                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |       25533     50.51%     50.51% |       25021     49.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total        50554                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Dirty_Writeback |       18880     50.75%     50.75% |       18325     49.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Dirty_Writeback::total        37205                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      127112     50.39%     50.39% |      125126     49.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       252238                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |       20384     50.69%     50.69% |       19829     49.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total        40213                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |       46380     50.14%     50.14% |       46118     49.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total        92498                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        1504     50.00%     50.00% |        1504     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         3008                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_ACK |         756     60.10%     60.10% |         502     39.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_ACK::total         1258                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |          61     50.00%     50.00% |          61     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total          122                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX  |       12497     50.16%     50.16% |       12416     49.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX::total        24913                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETS  |       40965     50.52%     50.52% |       40116     49.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETS::total        81081                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Memory_Ack |       18843     50.71%     50.71% |       18313     49.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Memory_Ack::total        37156                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |       45624     50.00%     50.00% |       45616     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total        91240                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        1443     50.02%     50.02% |        1442     49.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total         2885                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETX  |       11532     50.95%     50.95% |       11101     49.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETX::total        22633                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETS  |       16494     50.95%     50.95% |       15877     49.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETS::total        32371                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.Memory_Ack |          38     69.09%     69.09% |          17     30.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.DMA_WRITE |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.DMA_WRITE::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX  |       18842     50.72%     50.72% |       18309     49.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX::total        37151                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTO_SHARERS |          38     69.09%     69.09% |          17     30.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTO_SHARERS::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |         756     60.10%     60.10% |         502     39.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total         1258                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |          61     50.00%     50.00% |          61     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          122                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Unblock |       40965     50.52%     50.52% |       40116     49.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Unblock::total        81081                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Memory_Data |       40965     50.52%     50.52% |       40116     49.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Memory_Data::total        81081                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Last_Unblock |       16494     50.95%     50.95% |       15877     49.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Last_Unblock::total        32371                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Memory_Data |       16494     50.95%     50.95% |       15877     49.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Memory_Data::total        32371                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock |       24029     50.54%     50.54% |       23517     49.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock::total        47546                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Data |       24029     50.54%     50.54% |       23517     49.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Data::total        47546                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Dirty_Writeback |       18842     50.72%     50.72% |       18308     49.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Dirty_Writeback::total        37150                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MIS.Dirty_Writeback |          38     69.09%     69.09% |          17     30.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MIS.Dirty_Writeback::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_M.Memory_Data |       45624     50.00%     50.00% |       45616     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_M.Memory_Data::total        91240                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Exclusive_Unblock |        1504     50.00%     50.00% |        1504     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Exclusive_Unblock::total         3008                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Memory_Ack |        1503     50.07%     50.07% |        1499     49.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Memory_Ack::total         3002                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.OI_D.Data |          61     50.00%     50.00% |          61     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.OI_D.Data::total          122                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MD.DMA_ACK |         756     60.10%     60.10% |         502     39.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MD.DMA_ACK::total         1258                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |       92498    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total        92498                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        3008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         3008                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |       92498    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total          92498                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.DMA_Ack       |        3008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.DMA_Ack::total         3008                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Inv_Ack       |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Inv_Ack::total            1                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.All_Acks      |        3008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.All_Acks::total         3008                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |       92498    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total        92498                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        3008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         3008                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |       92498    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total        92498                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.DMA_Ack |        3008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.DMA_Ack::total         3008                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Inv_Ack |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Inv_Ack::total            1                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.All_Acks |        3008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.All_Acks::total         3008                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |    14139575      2.87%      2.87% |   238362739     48.35%     51.22% |     1125984      0.23%     51.45% |   239351587     48.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    492979885                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    71797919      3.20%      3.20% |  1097545320     48.96%     52.17% |     5435516      0.24%     52.41% |  1066832209     47.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total   2241610964                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     7224034      4.17%      4.17% |    82789962     47.82%     52.00% |      800103      0.46%     52.46% |    82303794     47.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total    173117893                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      258743      2.03%      2.03% |     6465720     50.83%     52.86% |       89575      0.70%     53.57% |     5906936     46.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total     12720974                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Own_GETX  |          25      7.37%      7.37% |         171     50.44%     57.82% |         105     30.97%     88.79% |          38     11.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Own_GETX::total          339                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |        4053     17.14%     17.14% |        5654     23.91%     41.05% |       10489     44.36%     85.42% |        3448     14.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total        23644                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |       41601     50.04%     50.04% |       10352     12.45%     62.49% |       22618     27.20%     89.69% |        8571     10.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        83142                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_DMA   |         266     28.27%     28.27% |         364     38.68%     66.95% |         211     22.42%     89.37% |         100     10.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_DMA::total          941                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |        2365     20.03%     20.03% |        4464     37.80%     57.83% |        1064      9.01%     66.84% |        3915     33.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        11808                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |       15831     44.47%     44.47% |        7461     20.96%     65.42% |        6886     19.34%     84.76% |        5425     15.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total        35603                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |      220706      1.98%      1.98% |     5669637     50.96%     52.95% |       66940      0.60%     53.55% |     5167920     46.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total     11125203                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data |       54667      3.30%      3.30% |      816306     49.26%     52.55% |       34369      2.07%     54.63% |      751955     45.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total      1657297                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |      199028      1.81%      1.81% |     5592263     50.90%     52.71% |       59751      0.54%     53.26% |     5135774     46.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total     10986816                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack_Data |       54405      3.18%      3.18% |      867461     50.68%     53.86% |       23558      1.38%     55.24% |      766164     44.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack_Data::total      1711588                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks  |       31354      4.32%      4.32% |      355805     49.02%     53.34% |       15629      2.15%     55.50% |      323020     44.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks::total       725808                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_Timeout |       54692      3.30%      3.30% |      816477     49.26%     52.55% |       34474      2.08%     54.63% |      751993     45.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_Timeout::total      1657636                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       87671      0.95%      0.95% |     4302302     46.40%     47.34% |       36407      0.39%     47.73% |     4846812     52.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total      9273192                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |      156373      5.62%      5.62% |     1828007     65.66%     71.28% |       49378      1.77%     73.06% |      750081     26.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total      2783839                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |       23029      3.30%      3.30% |      344339     49.38%     52.68% |       13350      1.91%     54.60% |      316574     45.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total       697292                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        5307     23.53%     23.53% |        5992     26.56%     50.09% |        6266     27.78%     77.87% |        4992     22.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        22557                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |     5895521      2.14%      2.14% |   134689798     49.00%     51.14% |      266433      0.10%     51.24% |   134024244     48.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total    274875996                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |    71641538      3.20%      3.20% |  1095717313     48.94%     52.14% |     5386138      0.24%     52.38% |  1066082128     47.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total   2238827117                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        8300     29.46%     29.46% |       11295     40.09%     69.54% |        2174      7.72%     77.26% |        6408     22.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total        28177                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      210106      1.90%      1.90% |     5653695     51.00%     52.90% |       63668      0.57%     53.47% |     5157403     46.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total     11084872                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Fwd_GETS |        1357     37.05%     37.05% |         562     15.34%     52.39% |         749     20.45%     72.84% |         995     27.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Fwd_GETS::total         3663                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        2365     20.03%     20.03% |        4464     37.81%     57.84% |        1064      9.01%     66.85% |        3914     33.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total        11807                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load    |        3154     25.78%     25.78% |        2763     22.59%     48.37% |        5086     41.58%     89.95% |        1230     10.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load::total        12233                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store   |          25      7.37%      7.37% |         171     50.44%     57.82% |         105     30.97%     88.79% |          38     11.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store::total          339                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_Replacement |         218     19.17%     19.17% |         269     23.66%     42.83% |         424     37.29%     80.12% |         226     19.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_Replacement::total         1137                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETX |        2423     17.07%     17.07% |        2288     16.12%     33.19% |        7793     54.90%     88.08% |        1692     11.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETX::total        14196                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETS |       29417     74.36%     74.36% |        1237      3.13%     77.48% |        7983     20.18%     97.66% |         925      2.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETS::total        39562                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |      115824      4.06%      4.06% |     1366127     47.90%     51.96% |       76592      2.69%     54.65% |     1293417     45.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      2851960                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |        6738      5.25%      5.25% |       65782     51.24%     56.49% |        4814      3.75%     60.24% |       51045     39.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total       128379                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |       11970      1.72%      1.72% |      339409     48.87%     50.60% |        3840      0.55%     51.15% |      339256     48.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       694475                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |         377     18.77%     18.77% |         789     39.29%     58.07% |         576     28.69%     86.75% |         266     13.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total         2008                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |        2644     16.92%     16.92% |        2677     17.13%     34.05% |        8322     53.26%     87.32% |        1982     12.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total        15625                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load  |       23105      6.79%      6.79% |      166745     49.02%     55.81% |       12903      3.79%     59.60% |      137412     40.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load::total       340165                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store |        1627      1.78%      1.78% |       52035     57.02%     58.80% |        1296      1.42%     60.22% |       36299     39.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store::total        91257                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.L1_Replacement |           3     42.86%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           4     57.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.L1_Replacement::total            7                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETX |           3      3.45%      3.45% |           0      0.00%      3.45% |          75     86.21%     89.66% |           9     10.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETX::total           87                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETS |          16      2.21%      2.21% |         328     45.37%     47.58% |         294     40.66%     88.24% |          85     11.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETS::total          723                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_Timeout |       21711      2.58%      2.58% |      408637     48.61%     51.20% |       17549      2.09%     53.28% |      392674     46.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_Timeout::total       840571                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |     8011566      3.90%      3.90% |    97752663     47.57%     51.47% |      725972      0.35%     51.83% |    98985007     48.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total    205475208                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |     7076737      4.15%      4.15% |    81632045     47.82%     51.96% |      721020      0.42%     52.38% |    81294145     47.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total    170723947                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement |       31139      3.39%      3.39% |      466351     50.81%     54.20% |       15377      1.68%     55.87% |      405053     44.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement::total       917920                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX |        1250     17.12%     17.12% |        2560     35.05%     52.17% |        2015     27.59%     79.76% |        1478     20.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX::total         7303                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS |        7349     36.16%     36.16% |        4897     24.09%     60.25% |        4378     21.54%     81.79% |        3700     18.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS::total        20324                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_DMA |         266     28.27%     28.27% |         364     38.68%     66.95% |         211     22.42%     89.37% |         100     10.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_DMA::total          941                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load |        2542      1.69%      1.69% |       82107     54.53%     56.21% |        2587      1.72%     57.93% |       63348     42.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load::total       150584                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store |      107578      7.43%      7.43% |      684295     47.24%     54.67% |       57344      3.96%     58.63% |      599285     41.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store::total      1448502                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.L1_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     66.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           2     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.L1_Replacement::total            6                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          17     34.00%     34.00% |          30     60.00%     94.00% |           3      6.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETX::total           50                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETS |         818     25.21%     25.21% |         651     20.06%     45.27% |         892     27.49%     72.76% |         884     27.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETS::total         3245                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_Timeout |       32981      4.04%      4.04% |      407840     49.92%     53.95% |       16925      2.07%     56.02% |      359319     43.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_Timeout::total       817065                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |        7840     40.31%     40.31% |        4274     21.98%     62.29% |        4142     21.30%     83.59% |        3192     16.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total        19448                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data |       23029      3.30%      3.30% |      344339     49.38%     52.68% |       13350      1.91%     54.60% |      316575     45.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data::total       697293                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        7544     54.75%     54.75% |        2259     16.40%     71.15% |        1989     14.44%     85.59% |        1986     14.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total        13778                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Exclusive_Data |        8300     29.46%     29.46% |       11295     40.09%     69.55% |        2174      7.72%     77.26% |        6407     22.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Exclusive_Data::total        28176                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Own_GETX |          25      7.37%      7.37% |         171     50.44%     57.82% |         105     30.97%     88.79% |          38     11.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Own_GETX::total          339                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack    |         447     18.81%     18.81% |         928     39.04%     57.85% |         755     31.76%     89.61% |         247     10.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack::total         2377                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks |       31354      4.32%      4.32% |      355805     49.02%     53.34% |       15629      2.15%     55.50% |      323020     44.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks::total       725808                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |      220706      1.98%      1.98% |     5669637     50.96%     52.95% |       66940      0.60%     53.55% |     5167920     46.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total     11125203                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data |       23338      2.50%      2.50% |      460672     49.44%     51.94% |       18845      2.02%     53.96% |      428973     46.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data::total       931828                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Load   |         191     37.60%     37.60% |         199     39.17%     76.77% |           4      0.79%     77.56% |         114     22.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Load::total          508                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Ifetch |           8    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Ifetch::total            8                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack |      199028      1.81%      1.81% |     5592263     50.90%     52.71% |       59751      0.54%     53.26% |     5135774     46.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack::total     10986816                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack_Data |       11078     11.30%     11.30% |       61432     62.65%     73.95% |        3917      3.99%     77.94% |       21629     22.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total        98056                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack_Data |         218     19.17%     19.17% |         269     23.66%     42.83% |         424     37.29%     80.12% |         226     19.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total         1137                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load   |           1      2.56%      2.56% |          35     89.74%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           3      7.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load::total           39                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack_Data |       43109      2.67%      2.67% |      805760     49.97%     52.65% |       19217      1.19%     53.84% |      744309     46.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total      1612395                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS       12057540      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX         725834      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTO           1137      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX        1612395      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTS_only     10610048      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTS         474836      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX           122      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Fwd_DMA           1258      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Inv                  1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.All_Acks         47546      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Data            160998      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive           51      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_WBCLEANDATA        98056      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_WBDIRTYDATA      1613532      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack        37205      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock       22112019      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock      1657636      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.DmaAck             941      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement       124197      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS       113452      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX        25395      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_GETS         3663      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_GETX        18207      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_PUTS_only        94649      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_PUTS         3407      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_GETS        35949      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_GETX         9311      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_PUTX      1612395      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.Fwd_DMA          941      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_GETS        31933      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_GETX          863      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_PUTO          638      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.Fwd_GETX           51      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_GETS         7629      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_GETX        13621      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTO          499      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTS_only        33504      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTS         1770      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L1_GETS     10483048      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L1_GETX         2328      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.Inv                1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement        84125      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_GETS         7345      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_GETX          164      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_PUTS_only          320      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_PUTS         7246      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L2_Replacement           55      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_GETS       462508      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_GETX         1616      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_PUTS_only     10481573      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_PUTS       462403      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L2_Replacement         2866      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS       911504      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX       654303      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX           71      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_DMA          317      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement        37151      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFGX.Data_Exclusive           51      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA          638      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.Unblock        33504      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA          499      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.Unblock         1770      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSW.L1_GETS            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSW.L1_PUTS            8      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSW.Unblock       462403      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILSW.L1_WBCLEANDATA         3407      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IW.L1_WBCLEANDATA        94649      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SW.Unblock     10481573      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OXW.Unblock          320      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXW.Unblock         7246      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXW.L1_GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA      1612395      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLS.L1_GETS            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLS.Unblock         3663      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOX.Unblock        31933      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOX.Exclusive_Unblock          164      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.L1_GETS          295      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.L1_GETX           19      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.Unblock        15625      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.Exclusive_Unblock        30498      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOSX.L1_GETX            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOSX.Unblock         7629      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.L1_GETS          198      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.L1_GETX            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.Exclusive_Unblock        13621      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.L1_GETS            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.Data        113452      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.Unblock       113452      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGM.Data         27723      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMLS.Data        19823      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.All_Acks        47546      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.Exclusive_Unblock        47546      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock       654303      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.Unblock     10483048      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OO.Exclusive_Unblock       911504      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXS.Unblock         7345      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.L1_PUTS_only            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.L1_PUTS            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.Unblock       462508      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack        37150      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSI.Writeback_Ack           55      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXD.DmaAck          941      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
