
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  3.888386                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                3888385890000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               56085743413001                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 147950                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   207414                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              255632464                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1836944                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 15210.85                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2250450423                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3154935722                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     22878464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          22878464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     12465024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       12465024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       357476                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             357476                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       194766                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            194766                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      5883795                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total              5883795                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0      3205707                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             3205707                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0      9089501                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total             9089501                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     357476                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    194766                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   357476                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  194766                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              22773184                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                 105280                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               12463808                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               22878464                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            12465024                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                  1645                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    3                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            25362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            26468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            26953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            21430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            19817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            20045                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            19124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            21622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            20599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            23813                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           23795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           21267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           20426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           20823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           19792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           24495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            14076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            14232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            14183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            12142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            11213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            11177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            10808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            12135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            11169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            12563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           12198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           11558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           11335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           11722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           11091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           13145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 3888385749000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               357476                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              194766                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 355792                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                     39                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                 10446                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                 10517                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                 10799                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                 10873                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                 10870                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                 10875                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                 10868                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                 10864                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                 10870                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                 10860                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                 10867                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                 10873                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                 10867                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                 10860                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                 10871                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                 10854                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                 10851                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                 10851                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       355535                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean    99.109230                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    81.974113                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   105.914241                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       267699     75.29%     75.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        70084     19.71%     95.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        10172      2.86%     97.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3002      0.84%     98.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          916      0.26%     98.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          514      0.14%     99.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          383      0.11%     99.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          351      0.10%     99.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2414      0.68%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       355535                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        10851                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     33.146069                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    69.928541                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        10845     99.94%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            2      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            2      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::6912-7167            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        10851                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        10851                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.947378                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.942887                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.390315                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16             356      3.28%      3.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17              47      0.43%      3.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18           10268     94.63%     98.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19             175      1.61%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20               3      0.03%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21               1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        10851                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  4625197500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            11297028750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1779155000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    12998.30                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               31748.30                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        5.86                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        3.21                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     5.88                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     3.21                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     24.53                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  131090                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  63952                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                36.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               32.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                   7041090.23                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   35.42                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy              1380614760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy               753311625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             1425177000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy             647779680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        254194561920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        296432044830                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        2075062192500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          2629895682315                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           675.750059                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3448881079500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF 129841660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 309660184500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy              1318947840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy               719664000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             1380233400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy             614180880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        254194561920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        290411135685                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        2080343691750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          2628982415475                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           675.515396                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3457805362250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF 129841660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 300737451750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     22777792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          22777792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     12440000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       12440000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       355903                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             355903                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       194375                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            194375                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      5857904                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total              5857904                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1      3199271                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total             3199271                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1      9057175                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total             9057175                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     355903                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    194375                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   355903                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  194375                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              22673664                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                 104128                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               12438848                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               22777792                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            12440000                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                  1627                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            25015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            26366                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            26655                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            21229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            19680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            19915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            19025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            21414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            20799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            23664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           23838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           21062                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           20649                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           20237                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           20267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           24461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            14051                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            14125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            14010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            12093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            11159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            11152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            10819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            12031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            11142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            12662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           12140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           11613                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           11350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           11640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           11243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           13127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 3888387141500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               355903                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              194375                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 354236                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                     40                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                 10435                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                 10506                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 10772                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 10859                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 10849                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 10848                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 10841                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 10843                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 10842                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 10848                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 10847                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 10843                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 10842                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 10844                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 10846                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 10828                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 10828                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 10831                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       354606                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean    99.016937                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    81.851018                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   106.370497                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127       267716     75.50%     75.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        69269     19.53%     95.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        10084      2.84%     97.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2948      0.83%     98.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          870      0.25%     98.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          528      0.15%     99.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          388      0.11%     99.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          348      0.10%     99.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2455      0.69%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       354606                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        10828                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     33.073698                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    69.655842                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        10824     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            2      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::6912-7167            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        10828                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        10828                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.949483                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.945176                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.382175                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16             338      3.12%      3.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17              52      0.48%      3.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18           10269     94.84%     98.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19             157      1.45%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20              12      0.11%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        10828                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  4567340999                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            11210015999                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1771380000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    12892.04                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               31642.04                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        5.83                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        3.20                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     5.86                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     3.20                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     24.50                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  130217                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  63804                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                36.76                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               32.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                   7066223.15                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   35.36                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy              1372480200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy               748873125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             1413219600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy             644299920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        254194561920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        295039264365                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        2076283929750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          2629696628880                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           675.698912                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3450887057500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF 129841660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 307654657500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              1320081840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy               720282750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             1380124200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy             615016800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        254194561920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        290368383120                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        2080381209750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          2628979660380                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           675.514683                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3457853625000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF 129841660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 300688102000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     22803328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          22803328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     12441536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       12441536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       356302                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             356302                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       194399                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            194399                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      5864471                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total              5864471                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2      3199666                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total             3199666                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2      9064137                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total             9064137                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     356302                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    194399                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   356302                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  194399                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              22701824                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                 101504                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               12440256                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               22803328                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            12441536                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                  1586                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            25104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            26650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            26809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            21037                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            20018                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            19955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            18760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            21655                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            20715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            23733                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           23863                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           21099                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           20284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           20630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           19990                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           24414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            13989                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            14118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            14154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            11933                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            11274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            11229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            10653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            12051                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            11293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            12637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           12167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           11585                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           11282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           11647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           11176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           13191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 3888391513000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               356302                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              194399                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 354671                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                     45                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                 10469                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                 10531                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                 10770                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                 10850                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                 10850                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                 10847                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                 10845                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                 10840                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                 10839                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                 10842                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                 10845                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                 10845                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                 10849                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                 10834                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                 10836                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                 10828                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                 10826                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                 10827                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                    11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       355405                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean    98.878249                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean    81.739275                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   106.357482                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127       268913     75.66%     75.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        68940     19.40%     95.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9948      2.80%     97.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2991      0.84%     98.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639          920      0.26%     98.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767          500      0.14%     99.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895          377      0.11%     99.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          338      0.10%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2478      0.70%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       355405                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        10826                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     33.115925                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    70.702890                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        10821     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            1      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            2      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::6912-7167            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        10826                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        10826                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.954831                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.950908                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.364589                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16             307      2.84%      2.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::17              50      0.46%      3.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18           10298     95.12%     98.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::19             167      1.54%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::20               4      0.04%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        10826                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  4593714000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            11244639000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1773580000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    12950.40                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               31700.40                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        5.84                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        3.20                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     5.86                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     3.20                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     24.52                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  130030                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  63658                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                36.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               32.75                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                   7060803.44                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   35.27                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy              1376819640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy               751240875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy             1418437800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy             644118480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy        254194561920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy        294341612580                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy        2076895905000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          2629622696295                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           675.679915                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3451884240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF 129841660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 306657545000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy              1321888680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy               721268625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy             1377979200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy             615457440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy        254194561920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy        290555804250                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy        2080216789500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          2629003749615                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           675.520877                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3457587503500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF 129841660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 300954010250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     22803584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          22803584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     12453888                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       12453888                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       356306                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             356306                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       194592                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            194592                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      5864537                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total              5864537                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3      3202843                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total             3202843                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3      9067380                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total             9067380                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     356306                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    194592                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   356306                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  194592                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              22696576                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                 107008                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               12452800                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               22803584                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            12453888                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                  1672                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            25345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            26307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            26390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            21356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            19870                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            19857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            19037                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            21695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            20597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            23764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           23782                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           20999                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           20500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           20532                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           20340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           24263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            14091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            14181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            14003                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            12042                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            11299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            11175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            10803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            12108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            11188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            12620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           12153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           11595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           11268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           11613                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           11367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           13069                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 3888384957500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               356306                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              194592                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 354601                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                     33                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                 10468                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                 10535                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                 10798                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                 10860                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                 10865                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                 10863                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                 10851                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                 10849                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                 10848                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                 10856                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                 10861                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                 10850                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                 10860                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                 10841                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                 10852                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                 10836                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                 10836                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                 10836                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       355043                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean    99.000155                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean    81.836655                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   106.499909                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127       268012     75.49%     75.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        69553     19.59%     95.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9948      2.80%     97.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2895      0.82%     98.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639          911      0.26%     98.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767          487      0.14%     99.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895          422      0.12%     99.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          327      0.09%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2488      0.70%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       355043                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        10836                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     33.077981                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    70.906406                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        10831     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            1      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            2      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::6912-7167            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        10836                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        10836                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.956349                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.952171                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.377292                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16             317      2.93%      2.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::17              48      0.44%      3.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18           10275     94.82%     98.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::19             188      1.73%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::20               4      0.04%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::21               3      0.03%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        10836                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  4581729749                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            11231117249                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1773170000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    12919.60                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               31669.60                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        5.84                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        3.20                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     5.86                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     3.20                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     24.55                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  130011                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  64154                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                36.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               32.97                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                   7058266.61                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   35.35                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy              1376585280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy               751113000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy             1417345800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy             646068960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy        254194561920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy        295514833320                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy        2075866764000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          2629767272280                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           675.717064                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3450188500750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF 129841660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 308352548000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy              1319235120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy               719820750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy             1378439400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy             614777040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy        254194561920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy        290590516395                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy        2080186332000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          2629003682625                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           675.520863                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3457534768000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF 129841660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 301006732000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      7774549936                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    4097959                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                      8627728                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              8456220                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1814                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     237652                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       615508                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     8456220                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         1814                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           17133776                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           6967938                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                3048                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes               1440                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             4898217                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes            2693071                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      2006318                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    1244214                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    762104                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              7757279980.485461                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              17269955.514539                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.002221                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.997779                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           924209                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass               127038      1.47%      1.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  6437070     74.61%     76.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                   14169      0.16%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    41855      0.49%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                   1368      0.02%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 1244214     14.42%     91.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 762104      8.83%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                   8627818                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      7781275652                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    2758606                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                      5927915                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses              5799837                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                   154                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     164549                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       413179                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                     5799837                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                          154                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           11797170                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           4806743                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                 258                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                126                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads             3285994                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes            1747798                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      1424477                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                     885899                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                    538578                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              7769478165.511221                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              11797486.488780                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.001516                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.998484                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                           630835                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               106741      1.80%      1.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  4344253     73.28%     75.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   14946      0.25%     75.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                    37401      0.63%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                    120      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                  885899     14.94%     90.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                 538578      9.09%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                   5927938                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      7778700915                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                 2239430898                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                   3131825737                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses           1364871640                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses            2127680264                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                    4832225                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts    125337724                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                  1364871640                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                   2127680264                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads         2745245268                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes         828374897                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads          4601234004                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes         2077617833                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads           735863508                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes          430117379                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                    408297879                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                  353590093                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                  54707786                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              4123226.567291                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              7774577688.432710                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.999470                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.000530                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                        163297946                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass              2281557      0.07%      0.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu               1676580989     53.53%     53.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   78854      0.00%     53.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    99468      0.00%     53.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd             1044495651     33.35%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead               353590093     11.29%     98.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite               54707786      1.75%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                3131834398                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      7773502738                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    2751673                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      5943928                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              5812136                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     163932                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       417938                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     5812136                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           11815760                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           4826571                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             3348481                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            1754961                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      1414221                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                     879185                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    535036                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              7761800397.261970                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              11702340.738030                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.001505                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.998495                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                           635366                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass               112800      1.90%      1.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  4364245     73.42%     75.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   12044      0.20%     75.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    40621      0.68%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                  879185     14.79%     91.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 535036      9.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   5943931                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  198                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 198                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                4027                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               4027                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq                18                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp               18                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1968                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2028                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1960                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2002                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           34                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          174                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1976                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2206                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          244                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1964                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2232                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    8486                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           36                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           26                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3990                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           11                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3953                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           87                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4103                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           44                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          122                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4098                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    16180                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                83000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                43495                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy              284500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             2459997                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             2455999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             2715527                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             2466000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy               11998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1519000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             1505000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             1673500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             1702000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            1                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes         4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           24                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes        98304                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           24                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   3805739808                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000230                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  3805739606    100.00%    100.00% |         202      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   3805739808                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     3805739808                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.052824                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.003533                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         2.579977                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  3805618691    100.00%    100.00% |       96875      0.00%    100.00% |        5011      0.00%    100.00% |        6044      0.00%    100.00% |       10970      0.00%    100.00% |        2199      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       3805739808                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   3804223635                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean      1.006930                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.001663                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.263149                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |  3801587481     99.93%     99.93% |           0      0.00%     99.93% |           0      0.00%     99.93% |           0      0.00%     99.93% |           0      0.00%     99.93% |     2636154      0.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   3804223635                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1516173                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   116.206366                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   108.190945                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    57.171125                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     1395056     92.01%     92.01% |       96875      6.39%     98.40% |        5011      0.33%     98.73% |        6044      0.40%     99.13% |       10970      0.72%     99.85% |        2199      0.15%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1516173                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.incomplete_times_seqr            5                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1957473                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        50230                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      2007703                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits      5372244                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses        56009                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses      5428253                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        72965                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        33274                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       106239                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1394020                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses        30146                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1424166                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits      3636758                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses        35666                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3672424                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        41325                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        24487                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        65812                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits    411157510                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses      3837894                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    414995404                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits   3373061200                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        81421                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses   3373142621                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits      2484714                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses      1434601                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses      3919315                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles         23925                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1383104                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        30162                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1413266                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits      3625172                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        30799                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3655971                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        37150                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        23811                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        60961                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     0.011553                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::2        33274                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::4        56718                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::4      1531601                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5           66                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          102                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          102                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5           36                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1484512                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        33274                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       266192                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      4083696                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     12252808                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5         4752                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          816                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          816                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5          288                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     11876096                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       266192                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized     0.011431                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Request_Control::2        24487                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Request_Control::3            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Data::4        55611                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Control::4      1513090                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1493298                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        24487                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       195896                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      4003992                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     12104720                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     11946384                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       195896                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized     0.098671                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::2      1434601                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::3            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1443152                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::4      4361904                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       776450                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      1393121                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1393121                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       616671                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        83184                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      1434601                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     11476808                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    103906944                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     34895232                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     55904400                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     11144968                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     11144968                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      4933368                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       665472                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     11476808                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized     0.011302                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Request_Control::2        23811                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Request_Control::3            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Data::4        50852                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::4      1516465                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1493974                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        23811                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       190488                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      3661344                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     12131720                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     11951792                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       190488                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     0.022468                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::2       389029                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::3            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::1           25                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::4       357457                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::4         1633                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       194357                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          409                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          384                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       348967                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       348967                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       154610                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       389436                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       389029                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      3112232                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         1800                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     25736904                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        13064                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     13993704                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3272                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         3072                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      2791736                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2791736                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      1236880                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      3115488                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      3112232                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.022180                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::2       366142                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::3            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::1           23                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::4       355882                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::4         1627                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       193968                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          407                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          384                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       347819                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       347819                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       153851                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       366547                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       366142                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      2929136                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         1656                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     25623504                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        13016                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     13965696                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3256                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         3072                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      2782552                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2782552                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      1230808                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      2932376                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      2929136                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.022331                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::2       380123                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::1           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::4       356286                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::4         1600                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       193999                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          400                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          384                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       348225                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       348225                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       154226                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       380523                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       380123                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      3040984                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         1152                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     25652592                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        12800                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     13967928                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3200                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         3072                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      2785800                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2785800                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      1233808                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      3044184                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      3040984                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.022343                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::2       380879                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::3            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::1           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::4       356290                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::4         1600                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       194192                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          400                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          384                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       348212                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       348212                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       154020                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       381278                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       380879                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      3047032                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         1152                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     25652880                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        12800                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     13981824                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3200                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         3072                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      2785696                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2785696                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      1232160                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      3050224                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      3047032                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.000012                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1           80                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1616                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1536                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        12928                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        12288                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.023206                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::2      1516173                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::3            5                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1           80                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1516124                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::4      4464760                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       776516                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1616                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1536                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      1393223                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1393223                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       616707                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      4554968                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      1516173                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     12129384                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           40                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    109160928                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     35718080                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     55909152                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        12928                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        12288                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     11145784                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     11145784                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      4933656                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     36439744                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     12129384                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control      4548534                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data      4548612                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control     13394280                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      2329548                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     10218915                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Broadcast_Control     10627720                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Unblock_Control      4548519                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control     36388272                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data    327500064                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control    107154240                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    167727456                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control     81751320                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Broadcast_Control     85021760                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Unblock_Control     36388152                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     0.011924                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        33270                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        70537                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          102                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1484512                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2395440                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       564296                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          816                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     11876096                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     0.011183                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        33274                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        23448                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4      1461064                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5           66                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          102                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5           36                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        33274                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       266192                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1688256                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     11688512                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5         4752                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          816                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5          288                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       266192                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization     0.011345                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        24483                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        50919                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1493298                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1762776                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       407352                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     11946384                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization     0.011517                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        24487                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        31128                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4      1462171                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        24487                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       195896                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2241216                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     11697368                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       195896                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization     0.120069                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1434597                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4      4287274                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1393121                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        83184                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    103290984                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     34298192                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     11144968                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       665472                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization     0.077273                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2      1434601                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4         8555                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4        74630                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       776450                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      1393121                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       616671                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      1434601                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     11476808                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       615960                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       597040                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     55904400                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     11144968                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      4933368                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     11476808                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization     0.011300                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        23770                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        49570                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1493974                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1711440                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       396560                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     11951792                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization     0.011305                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        23811                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        27082                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4      1466895                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        23811                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       190488                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1949904                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     11735160                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       190488                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     0.019500                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       389029                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4         1633                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       194357                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          409                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       348967                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       154610                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       389029                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      3112232                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4          216                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        13064                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     13993704                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3272                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      2791736                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      1236880                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      3112232                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     0.025435                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1           25                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       357454                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          384                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       348967                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       389436                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         1800                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     25736688                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         3072                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2791736                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      3115488                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.019171                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       366142                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4         1627                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       193968                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          407                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       347819                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       153851                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       366142                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      2929136                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        13016                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     13965696                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3256                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      2782552                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      1230808                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      2929136                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.025190                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1           23                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       355881                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          384                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       347819                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       366547                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         1656                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     25623432                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         3072                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2782552                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      2932376                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.019357                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       380123                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4         1600                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       193999                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          400                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       348225                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       154226                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       380123                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      3040984                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        12800                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     13967928                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3200                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      2785800                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      1233808                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      3040984                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.025305                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       356286                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          384                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       348225                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       380523                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         1152                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     25652592                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         3072                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2785800                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      3044184                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.019376                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       380879                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4         1600                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       194192                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          400                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       348212                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       154020                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       380879                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      3047032                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        12800                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     13981824                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3200                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      2785696                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      1232160                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      3047032                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.025310                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       356290                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          384                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       348212                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       381278                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         1152                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     25652880                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         3072                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2785696                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      3050224                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000015                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1           80                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1536                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        12288                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000010                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1616                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        12928                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.011924                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        33270                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        70537                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          102                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1484512                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2395440                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       564296                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          816                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     11876096                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.011345                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        24483                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4        50919                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1493298                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1762776                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       407352                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     11946384                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.link_utilization     0.120069                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Request_Control::3            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1434597                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::4      4287274                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1393121                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        83184                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    103290984                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     34298192                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     11144968                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       665472                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.link_utilization     0.011300                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Request_Control::3            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::4        23770                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::4        49570                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1493974                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1711440                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       396560                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     11951792                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.link_utilization     0.019500                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::2       389029                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::4            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::4         1633                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       194357                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          409                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       348967                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       154610                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       389029                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      3112232                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4          216                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        13064                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     13993704                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3272                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      2791736                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      1236880                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      3112232                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.link_utilization     0.019171                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::2       366142                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::4            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::4         1627                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       193968                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          407                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       347819                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       153851                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       366142                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      2929136                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        13016                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     13965696                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3256                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      2782552                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      1230808                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      2929136                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.link_utilization     0.019357                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Request_Control::2       380123                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::4         1600                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       193999                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          400                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       348225                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       154226                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       380123                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      3040984                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        12800                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     13967928                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3200                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      2785800                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      1233808                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      3040984                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.link_utilization     0.019376                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Request_Control::2       380879                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Control::4         1600                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       194192                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          400                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       348212                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       154020                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       380879                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      3047032                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        12800                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     13981824                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3200                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      2785696                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      1232160                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      3047032                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.link_utilization     0.000015                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1           80                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1536                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        12288                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    362714555                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.430547                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.029912                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      7.388576                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   362609828     99.97%     99.97% |       85288      0.02%     99.99% |        4386      0.00%    100.00% |        5177      0.00%    100.00% |        8193      0.00%    100.00% |        1671      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     362714555                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    361591080                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.062182                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.015022                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.786098                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |   359342649     99.38%     99.38% |           0      0.00%     99.38% |           0      0.00%     99.38% |           0      0.00%     99.38% |           0      0.00%     99.38% |     2248431      0.62%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    361591080                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1123475                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   119.989030                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   111.773185                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    57.672181                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     1018748     90.68%     90.68% |       85288      7.59%     98.27% |        4386      0.39%     98.66% |        5177      0.46%     99.12% |        8193      0.73%     99.85% |        1671      0.15%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1123475                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     56380190                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.723349                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.038304                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      9.595611                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    56365391     99.97%     99.97% |       10181      0.02%     99.99% |         594      0.00%     99.99% |         827      0.00%     99.99% |        2676      0.00%    100.00% |         515      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      56380190                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     56014341                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.031797                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.007654                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.562988                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |    55836234     99.68%     99.68% |           0      0.00%     99.68% |           0      0.00%     99.68% |           0      0.00%     99.68% |           0      0.00%     99.68% |      178107      0.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     56014341                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       365849                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   107.605351                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   102.033263                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    53.449518                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      351050     95.95%     95.95% |       10181      2.78%     98.74% |         594      0.16%     98.90% |         827      0.23%     99.13% |        2676      0.73%     99.86% |         515      0.14%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       365849                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   3385899269                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.000911                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000152                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.227518                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  3385898052    100.00%    100.00% |        1086      0.00%    100.00% |          23      0.00%    100.00% |          27      0.00%    100.00% |          69      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   3385899269                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   3385887259                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.000567                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000136                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.075279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |  3385695374     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |      191885      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   3385887259                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        12010                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    97.935221                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    83.913691                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    60.000254                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       10793     89.87%     89.87% |        1086      9.04%     98.91% |          23      0.19%     99.10% |          27      0.22%     99.33% |          69      0.57%     99.90% |          12      0.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        12010                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       431550                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.061594                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.155435                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     7.065830                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |      430854     99.84%     99.84% |         573      0.13%     99.97% |         113      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       431550                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       424976                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.370115                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.092807                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.887902                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |      409247     96.30%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |       15729      3.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       424976                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         6574                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.762245                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    42.393009                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    31.907236                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        5878     89.41%     89.41% |         573      8.72%     98.13% |         113      1.72%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           2      0.03%     99.88% |           1      0.02%     99.89% |           1      0.02%     99.91% |           2      0.03%     99.94% |           4      0.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         6574                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       157122                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     4.469323                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.270093                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    18.632662                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      156871     99.84%     99.84% |         207      0.13%     99.97% |           6      0.00%     99.98% |          11      0.01%     99.98% |          26      0.02%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       157122                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       148857                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.134491                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.032775                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.151884                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |      146855     98.66%     98.66% |           0      0.00%     98.66% |           0      0.00%     98.66% |           0      0.00%     98.66% |           0      0.00%     98.66% |        2002      1.34%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       148857                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         8265                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    64.531397                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    52.688606                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    52.617929                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        8014     96.96%     96.96% |         207      2.50%     99.47% |           6      0.07%     99.54% |          11      0.13%     99.67% |          26      0.31%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         8265                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       157122                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      157122    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       157122                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       157122                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      157122    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       157122                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples   3801587273                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  3801587273    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total   3801587273                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        90262                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    34.287098                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    34.229759                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.056988                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       90036     99.75%     99.75% |         165      0.18%     99.93% |          60      0.07%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        90262                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::samples        90257                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::mean     1.022713                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::gmean     1.005461                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::stdev     0.476042                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request |       90052     99.77%     99.77% |           0      0.00%     99.77% |           0      0.00%     99.77% |           0      0.00%     99.77% |           0      0.00%     99.77% |         205      0.23%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::total        90257                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::samples        90257                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::mean     8.004088                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::gmean     8.003421                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::stdev     0.121002                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       90193     99.93%     99.93% |          25      0.03%     99.96% |          31      0.03%     99.99% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::total        90257                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::samples        90257                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::mean    24.000443                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::gmean    24.000417                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::stdev     0.036763                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       90252     99.99%     99.99% |           5      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::total        90257                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::samples        90257                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::mean     1.258905                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::stdev     1.972073                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion |       44842     49.68%     49.68% |       26019     28.83%     78.51% |        7183      7.96%     86.47% |           6      0.01%     86.48% |           9      0.01%     86.49% |           2      0.00%     86.49% |       12196     13.51%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::total        90257                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2636362                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.999211                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.997919                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.088820                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr |         208      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |     2636154     99.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      2636362                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1425911                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   121.391961                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   116.366528                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    54.986194                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     1304794     91.51%     91.51% |       96875      6.79%     98.30% |        5011      0.35%     98.65% |        6044      0.42%     99.08% |       10970      0.77%     99.84% |        2199      0.15%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      1425911                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::samples      1425911                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::mean     1.067943                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::gmean     1.012098                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::stdev     1.040996                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request |     1419860     99.58%     99.58% |           1      0.00%     99.58% |           5      0.00%     99.58% |           0      0.00%     99.58% |        6025      0.42%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::total      1425911                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::samples      1425911                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::mean     8.105632                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::gmean     8.053049                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::stdev     1.589851                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1416896     99.37%     99.37% |        2969      0.21%     99.58% |        2265      0.16%     99.73% |           0      0.00%     99.73% |           0      0.00%     99.73% |           0      0.00%     99.73% |           0      0.00%     99.73% |        3781      0.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::total      1425911                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::samples      1425911                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::mean    24.000019                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::gmean    24.000018                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::stdev     0.008076                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1425907    100.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::total      1425911                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::samples      1425911                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::mean    88.218366                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::gmean    81.690206                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::stdev    55.100439                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion |     1397030     97.97%     97.97% |        6097      0.43%     98.40% |        4817      0.34%     98.74% |        7034      0.49%     99.23% |       10888      0.76%    100.00% |          32      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::total      1425911                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples    359342643                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   359342643    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total    359342643                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        64156                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    33.393089                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    33.389127                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.522634                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       64151     99.99%     99.99% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        64156                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2248437                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.999973                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.999930                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.016336                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           6      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     2248431    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      2248437                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1059319                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   125.233577                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   120.258902                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    55.189135                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      954592     90.11%     90.11% |       85288      8.05%     98.16% |        4386      0.41%     98.58% |        5177      0.49%     99.07% |        8193      0.77%     99.84% |        1671      0.16%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      1059319                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     55836053                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    55836053    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     55836053                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        11347                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    36.729091                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    36.626333                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.768162                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       11155     98.31%     98.31% |         140      1.23%     99.54% |          52      0.46%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        11347                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       178288                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.989848                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.973254                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.318463                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |         181      0.10%      0.10% |           0      0.00%      0.10% |           0      0.00%      0.10% |           0      0.00%      0.10% |           0      0.00%      0.10% |      178107     99.90%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       178288                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       354502                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   109.873978                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   105.434758                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    52.745710                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      339703     95.83%     95.83% |       10181      2.87%     98.70% |         594      0.17%     98.86% |         827      0.23%     99.10% |        2676      0.75%     99.85% |         515      0.15%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       354502                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples   3385695374                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  3385695374    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total   3385695374                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         3046                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    33.232764                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    33.229024                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.506759                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3028     99.41%     99.41% |          18      0.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         3046                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       191885                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      191885    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       191885                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         8964                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   119.921352                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   114.958480                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    54.011331                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        7747     86.42%     86.42% |        1086     12.12%     98.54% |          23      0.26%     98.80% |          27      0.30%     99.10% |          69      0.77%     99.87% |          12      0.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         8964                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       409247                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      409247    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       409247                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         5860                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    37.537372                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    37.484425                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.970547                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        5859     99.98%     99.98% |           1      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         5860                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        15729                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       15729    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        15729                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          714                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   122.473389                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   116.390985                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    53.980205                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |          18      2.52%      2.52% |         573     80.25%     82.77% |         113     15.83%     98.60% |           0      0.00%     98.60% |           0      0.00%     98.60% |           2      0.28%     98.88% |           1      0.14%     99.02% |           1      0.14%     99.16% |           2      0.28%     99.44% |           4      0.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          714                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       146855                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      146855    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       146855                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         5853                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    36.646848                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    36.560078                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.517439                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        5825     99.52%     99.52% |          23      0.39%     99.91% |           5      0.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         5853                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         2002                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2002    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         2002                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         2412                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   132.196517                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   127.892213                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    54.830953                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        2161     89.59%     89.59% |         207      8.58%     98.18% |           6      0.25%     98.42% |          11      0.46%     98.88% |          26      1.08%     99.96% |           1      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         2412                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       157101                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      157101    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       157101                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples           21                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          21    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total           21                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |       97719     25.57%     25.57% |       92567     24.22%     49.79% |       96495     25.25%     75.04% |       95406     24.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total       382187                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS    |      292810     25.68%     25.68% |      275078     24.13%     49.81% |      285116     25.01%     74.82% |      287041     25.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS::total      1140045                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUT     |      348967     25.05%     25.05% |      347819     24.97%     50.01% |      348225     24.99%     75.01% |      348212     24.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUT::total      1393223                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockS |       17518     35.23%     35.23% |        5891     11.85%     47.08% |       11734     23.60%     70.68% |       14576     29.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockS::total        49719                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockM |      371511     25.33%     25.33% |      360251     24.57%     49.90% |      368389     25.12%     75.02% |      366303     24.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockM::total      1466454                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Clean |        1092     24.65%     24.65% |        1111     25.08%     49.73% |        1098     24.79%     74.51% |        1129     25.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Clean::total         4430                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Dirty |          23     41.07%     41.07% |           4      7.14%     48.21% |          26     46.43%     94.64% |           3      5.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Dirty::total           56                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean |      153518     25.07%     25.07% |      152740     24.95%     50.02% |      153128     25.01%     75.03% |      152891     24.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean::total       612277                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty |      194334     25.03%     25.03% |      193964     24.98%     50.01% |      193973     24.98%     74.99% |      194189     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty::total       776460                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          25     31.25%     31.25% |          23     28.75%     60.00% |          16     20.00%     80.00% |          16     20.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           80                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |         384     25.00%     25.00% |         384     25.00%     50.00% |         384     25.00%     75.00% |         384     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         1536                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      357476     25.07%     25.07% |      355903     24.96%     50.03% |      356302     24.99%     75.01% |      356306     24.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1425987                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      194766     25.03%     25.03% |      194375     24.98%     50.01% |      194399     24.98%     74.99% |      194592     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       778132                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Ack     |        1633     25.28%     25.28% |        1627     25.19%     50.46% |        1600     24.77%     75.23% |        1600     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Ack::total         6460                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Data |           3     75.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total            4                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |         409     25.31%     25.31% |         407     25.19%     50.50% |         400     24.75%     75.25% |         400     24.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total         1616                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_Unblocks |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           2     40.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_Unblocks::total            5                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETX |        6810     35.16%     35.16% |        1954     10.09%     45.25% |        5675     29.30%     74.55% |        4928     25.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETX::total        19367                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETS |        8580     39.07%     39.07% |        1904      8.67%     47.74% |        3957     18.02%     65.76% |        7519     34.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETS::total        21960                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.PUT  |        1115     24.86%     24.86% |        1115     24.86%     49.71% |        1124     25.06%     74.77% |        1132     25.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.PUT::total         4486                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETX |         935     25.32%     25.32% |         898     24.32%     49.63% |        1079     29.22%     78.85% |         781     21.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETX::total         3693                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETS |       15248     33.71%     33.71% |        5503     12.16%     45.87% |       13126     29.02%     74.89% |       11360     25.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETS::total        45237                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.PUT  |      347852     25.05%     25.05% |      346704     24.97%     50.01% |      347101     24.99%     75.01% |      347080     24.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.PUT::total      1388737                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.DMA_READ |           3     75.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.DMA_READ::total            4                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETX  |          10     38.46%     38.46% |           2      7.69%     46.15% |           9     34.62%     80.77% |           5     19.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETX::total           26                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETS  |        1535     25.00%     25.00% |        1503     24.47%     49.47% |        1518     24.72%     74.19% |        1585     25.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETS::total         6141                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETX  |       89584     25.05%     25.05% |       89366     24.99%     50.04% |       89361     24.99%     75.03% |       89291     24.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETX::total       357602                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETS  |      266325     25.07%     25.07% |      265010     24.95%     50.02% |      265398     24.99%     75.01% |      265409     24.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETS::total      1062142                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_READ |          22     28.95%     28.95% |          22     28.95%     57.89% |          16     21.05%     78.95% |          16     21.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_READ::total           76                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_WRITE |         384     25.00%     25.00% |         384     25.00%     50.00% |         384     25.00%     75.00% |         384     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_WRITE::total         1536                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETX |           9     69.23%     69.23% |           1      7.69%     76.92% |           2     15.38%     92.31% |           1      7.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETX::total           13                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETS |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           2     40.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETS::total            5                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockS |       15972     36.67%     36.67% |        4385     10.07%     46.73% |       10214     23.45%     70.18% |       12989     29.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockS::total        43560                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockM |      371509     25.33%     25.33% |      360249     24.57%     49.90% |      368389     25.12%     75.02% |      366302     24.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockM::total      1466449                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockS |           9     69.23%     69.23% |           1      7.69%     76.92% |           2     15.38%     92.31% |           1      7.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockS::total           13                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.UnblockM |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           2     40.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.UnblockM::total            5                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.UnblockS |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           2     40.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.UnblockS::total            5                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.All_Unblocks |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           2     40.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.All_Unblocks::total            5                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B.UnblockS |        1535     25.00%     25.00% |        1503     24.47%     49.47% |        1518     24.72%     74.19% |        1585     25.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B.UnblockS::total         6141                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.Memory_Data |      355919     25.07%     25.07% |      354378     24.96%     50.03% |      354768     24.99%     75.02% |      354705     24.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.Memory_Data::total      1419770                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B_W.Memory_Data |        1535     25.00%     25.00% |        1503     24.47%     49.47% |        1518     24.72%     74.19% |        1585     25.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B_W.Memory_Data::total         6141                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Ack |        1536     25.00%     25.00% |        1536     25.00%     50.00% |        1536     25.00%     75.00% |        1536     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Ack::total         6144                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |         384     25.00%     25.00% |         384     25.00%     50.00% |         384     25.00%     75.00% |         384     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total         1536                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Memory_Data |          22     28.95%     28.95% |          22     28.95%     57.89% |          16     21.05%     78.95% |          16     21.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Memory_Data::total           76                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Ack |          76     26.39%     26.39% |          84     29.17%     55.56% |          64     22.22%     77.78% |          64     22.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Ack::total          288                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Ack |           9     75.00%     75.00% |           3     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Ack::total           12                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Exclusive_Data |           3     75.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Exclusive_Data::total            4                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |           3     75.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total            4                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.Ack |          12     75.00%     75.00% |           4     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.Ack::total           16                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |          22     28.95%     28.95% |          22     28.95%     57.89% |          16     21.05%     78.95% |          16     21.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total           76                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_W.Memory_Ack |         384     25.00%     25.00% |         384     25.00%     50.00% |         384     25.00%     75.00% |         384     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_W.Memory_Ack::total         1536                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETX |         371     24.97%     24.97% |         346     23.28%     48.25% |         369     24.83%     73.08% |         400     26.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETX::total         1486                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETS |        1120     24.56%     24.56% |        1156     25.35%     49.91% |        1117     24.50%     74.41% |        1167     25.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETS::total         4560                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Clean |        1092     24.65%     24.65% |        1111     25.08%     49.73% |        1098     24.79%     74.51% |        1129     25.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Clean::total         4430                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Dirty |          23     41.07%     41.07% |           4      7.14%     48.21% |          26     46.43%     94.64% |           3      5.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Dirty::total           56                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean |      153518     25.07%     25.07% |      152740     24.95%     50.02% |      153128     25.01%     75.03% |      152891     24.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean::total       612277                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty |      194334     25.03%     25.03% |      193964     24.98%     50.01% |      193973     24.98%     74.99% |      194189     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty::total       776460                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_O_W.Memory_Ack |          23     41.07%     41.07% |           4      7.14%     48.21% |          26     46.43%     94.64% |           3      5.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_O_W.Memory_Ack::total           56                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_E_W.Memory_Ack |      194359     25.03%     25.03% |      193987     24.98%     50.01% |      193989     24.98%     74.99% |      194205     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_E_W.Memory_Ack::total       776540                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           80                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        1536    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         1536                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             80                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |        1536    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total            1536                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           80                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        1536    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         1536                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           80                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |        1536    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total         1536                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     1148168      0.32%      0.32% |      822353      0.23%      0.54% |   359932841     99.23%     99.78% |      815751      0.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    362719113                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     5428253      0.00%      0.00% |     3672424      0.00%      0.00% |18446744072787726336    100.00%    100.00% |     3655971      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total 18446744072800483328                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |      859536      1.50%      1.50% |      601813      1.05%      2.56% |    55068606     96.40%     98.95% |      597515      1.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     57127470                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |         155      0.01%      0.01% |           1      0.00%      0.01% |     1397794     99.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total      1397950                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_to_L2  |       87419      2.14%      2.14% |       49855      1.22%      3.35% |     3912004     95.56%     98.91% |       44644      1.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_to_L2::total      4093922                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |       18257      0.75%      0.75% |        6681      0.27%      1.02% |     2412566     98.69%     99.71% |        6975      0.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total      2444479                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |       54739     28.53%     28.53% |       34649     18.06%     46.58% |       72308     37.68%     84.27% |       30189     15.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total       191885                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Complete_L2_to_L1 |       72996      2.77%      2.77% |       41330      1.57%      4.34% |     2484874     94.25%     98.59% |       37164      1.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Complete_L2_to_L1::total      2636364                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETX |      370880     32.30%     32.30% |      377437     32.87%     65.17% |       22067      1.92%     67.09% |      377824     32.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETX::total      1148208                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETS |     1113632     32.69%     32.69% |     1115861     32.75%     65.44% |       61117      1.79%     67.24% |     1116150     32.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETS::total      3406760                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Merged_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           1     20.00%     40.00% |           3     60.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Merged_GETS::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |       61703      1.40%      1.40% |       44651      1.01%      2.41% |     4270809     96.63%     99.04% |       42498      0.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total      4419661                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Ack |        8834     22.86%     22.86% |        6268     16.22%     39.08% |       16465     42.61%     81.70% |        7072     18.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Ack::total        38639                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |        8753     34.35%     34.35% |        4168     16.36%     50.71% |        8773     34.43%     85.14% |        3787     14.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total        25481                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Data |       12562     28.83%     28.83% |        9404     21.58%     50.41% |       10666     24.48%     74.88% |       10946     25.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Data::total        43578                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data |       11955      0.83%      0.83% |       10911      0.75%      1.58% |     1415158     97.80%     99.38% |        9037      0.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total      1447061                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |         102      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |     1393121     99.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total      1393223                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks  |       12670     25.49%     25.49% |        9804     19.72%     45.22% |       16205     32.60%     77.82% |       11025     22.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks::total        49704                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks_no_sharers |       20604      1.41%      1.41% |       14683      1.00%      2.41% |     1418396     96.72%     99.13% |       12786      0.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks_no_sharers::total      1466469                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       20660      1.84%      1.84% |       18683      1.66%      3.50% |     1065331     94.82%     98.33% |       18801      1.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total      1123475                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        1270     10.57%     10.57% |        1017      8.47%     19.04% |        9113     75.88%     94.92% |         610      5.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total        12010                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |        6412      1.73%      1.73% |        2848      0.77%      2.51% |      357913     96.84%     99.34% |        2425      0.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total       369598                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETX |      359165     32.69%     32.69% |      362235     32.97%     65.66% |       15490      1.41%     67.07% |      361844     32.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETX::total      1098734                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETS |     1081911     32.78%     32.78% |     1085739     32.89%     65.67% |       45468      1.38%     67.05% |     1087802     32.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETS::total      3300920                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      189882      3.61%      3.61% |      139839      2.66%      6.27% |     4768602     90.74%     97.01% |      157203      2.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total      5255526                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     4290628     27.71%     27.71% |     3574994     23.09%     50.80% |     4142751     26.76%     77.56% |     3474939     22.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     15483312                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        4898     45.18%     45.18% |        1933     17.83%     63.00% |        2080     19.18%     82.19% |        1931     17.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total        10842                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement |          53      1.12%      1.12% |           1      0.02%      1.14% |        4673     98.86%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement::total         4727                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_to_L2 |       50873     23.58%     23.58% |       42146     19.53%     43.11% |       86427     40.06%     83.17% |       36313     16.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_to_L2::total       215759                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |        6993     11.58%     11.58% |        3821      6.33%     17.91% |       46494     77.01%     94.92% |        3064      5.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total        60372                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |       38537     29.36%     29.36% |       33553     25.56%     54.92% |       29115     22.18%     77.11% |       30049     22.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total       131254                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETX |        6715     25.37%     25.37% |        6422     24.26%     49.64% |        4863     18.37%     68.01% |        8467     31.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETX::total        26467                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETS |       13273     34.35%     34.35% |        7775     20.12%     54.47% |        8809     22.80%     77.27% |        8782     22.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETS::total        38639                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load    |       10885     17.31%     17.31% |         226      0.36%     17.67% |       35877     57.07%     74.74% |       15881     25.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load::total        62869                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Ifetch  |      531773     15.51%     15.51% |        4193      0.12%     15.63% |     2763487     80.58%     96.21% |      129837      3.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Ifetch::total      3429290                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store   |           3      7.89%      7.89% |           1      2.63%     10.53% |           4     10.53%     21.05% |          30     78.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store::total           38                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L2_Replacement |          18      0.40%      0.40% |           0      0.00%      0.40% |        4468     99.60%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L2_Replacement::total         4486                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_to_L2 |       10298     37.47%     37.47% |        1519      5.53%     42.99% |       13173     47.93%     90.92% |        2496      9.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_to_L2::total        27486                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |        1045     19.77%     19.77% |        1132     21.41%     41.18% |         950     17.97%     59.15% |        2160     40.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total         5287                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |        9303     43.67%     43.67% |         198      0.93%     44.60% |       11714     54.99%     99.59% |          88      0.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total        21303                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETX |        3716     19.24%     19.24% |        8320     43.08%     62.32% |         264      1.37%     63.68% |        7014     36.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETX::total        19314                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETS |        3729     16.98%     16.98% |        9679     44.08%     61.06% |         568      2.59%     63.64% |        7984     36.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETS::total        21960                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |       90427      0.06%      0.06% |      108227      0.07%      0.13% |   147705361     99.81%     99.95% |       80697      0.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total    147984712                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch  |      549646      0.00%      0.00% |       57193      0.00%      0.00% |18446744072780736512    100.00%    100.00% |       20145      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch::total 18446744072781363200                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |        2405      0.56%      0.56% |         499      0.12%      0.68% |      425095     99.23%     99.91% |         374      0.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total       428373                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |          18      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      612364    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       612382                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_to_L2 |       10330      0.50%      0.50% |        2029      0.10%      0.60% |     2032279     99.30%     99.90% |        2059      0.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_to_L2::total      2046697                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |         931      0.07%      0.07% |         279      0.02%      0.09% |     1384271     99.89%     99.98% |         273      0.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total      1385754                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |        6899     17.54%     17.54% |         898      2.28%     19.83% |       31479     80.04%     99.87% |          52      0.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total        39328                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETX |         217     36.35%     36.35% |          67     11.22%     47.57% |          89     14.91%     62.48% |         224     37.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETX::total          597                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETS |        4796     22.19%     22.19% |        8619     39.88%     62.07% |         735      3.40%     65.47% |        7463     34.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETS::total        21613                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Merged_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Merged_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |      822880      0.40%      0.40% |      549007      0.27%      0.67% |   204129363     99.07%     99.74% |      537351      0.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total    206038601                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |      840184      1.50%      1.50% |      595315      1.06%      2.56% |    54092720     96.39%     98.95% |      591502      1.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total     56119721                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L2_Replacement |          66      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |      776289     99.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L2_Replacement::total       776355                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_to_L2 |       15918      0.88%      0.88% |        4161      0.23%      1.11% |     1780125     98.68%     99.79% |        3776      0.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_to_L2::total      1803980                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |        9288      0.94%      0.94% |        1449      0.15%      1.08% |      980851     98.77%     99.85% |        1478      0.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total       993066                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETX |        1067     34.46%     34.46% |         393     12.69%     47.16% |        1361     43.96%     91.12% |         275      8.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETX::total         3096                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETS |        9923     42.00%     42.00% |        4049     17.14%     59.13% |        5537     23.43%     82.57% |        4119     17.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETS::total        23628                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Merged_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           1     25.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Merged_GETS::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Load   |        6963     11.57%     11.57% |        3819      6.35%     17.92% |       46334     77.00%     94.91% |        3061      5.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Load::total        60177                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Ifetch |       38537     29.36%     29.36% |       33553     25.56%     54.92% |       29115     22.18%     77.11% |       30049     22.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Ifetch::total       131254                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Store  |          30     15.38%     15.38% |           2      1.03%     16.41% |         160     82.05%     98.46% |           3      1.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Store::total          195                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Load   |        1044     19.80%     19.80% |        1129     21.42%     41.22% |         950     18.02%     59.24% |        2149     40.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Load::total         5272                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Ifetch |        9303     43.67%     43.67% |         198      0.93%     44.60% |       11714     54.99%     99.59% |          88      0.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Ifetch::total        21303                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Store  |           1      6.67%      6.67% |           3     20.00%     26.67% |           0      0.00%     26.67% |          11     73.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Store::total           15                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Load   |         500      0.04%      0.04% |         268      0.02%      0.06% |     1367949     99.92%     99.98% |         271      0.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Load::total      1368988                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Ifetch |        6899     17.54%     17.54% |         898      2.28%     19.83% |       31479     80.04%     99.87% |          52      0.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Ifetch::total        39328                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Store  |         431      2.57%      2.57% |          11      0.07%      2.64% |       16322     97.35%     99.99% |           2      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Store::total        16766                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Load  |        4914      0.60%      0.60% |         348      0.04%      0.65% |      808396     99.31%     99.96% |         336      0.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Load::total       813994                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Store |        4374      2.44%      2.44% |        1101      0.61%      3.06% |      172455     96.30%     99.36% |        1142      0.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Store::total       179072                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |        6028      0.56%      0.56% |        5376      0.50%      1.05% |     1068893     98.78%     99.83% |        1788      0.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total      1082085                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |        3708     44.66%     44.66% |        1833     22.08%     66.73% |         988     11.90%     78.63% |        1774     21.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total         8303                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data |        2704      0.75%      0.75% |        1015      0.28%      1.03% |      356925     98.79%     99.82% |         651      0.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data::total       361295                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        2305     23.59%     23.59% |        3430     35.10%     58.69% |        3444     35.25%     93.94% |         592      6.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total         9771                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Data   |        4928     44.65%     44.65% |        1935     17.53%     62.18% |        2240     20.30%     82.48% |        1934     17.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Data::total        11037                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack    |          12      7.55%      7.55% |          12      7.55%     15.09% |          12      7.55%     22.64% |         123     77.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack::total          159                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks_no_sharers |           4      7.55%      7.55% |           4      7.55%     15.09% |           4      7.55%     22.64% |          41     77.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks_no_sharers::total           53                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.Ack   |       13544     60.46%     60.46% |         876      3.91%     64.37% |        1526      6.81%     71.18% |        6457     28.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.Ack::total        22403                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.All_acks_no_sharers |        8636     44.65%     44.65% |        3768     19.48%     64.14% |        3228     16.69%     80.83% |        3708     19.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.All_acks_no_sharers::total        19340                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load  |           9      1.09%      1.09% |         774     93.70%     94.79% |          43      5.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load::total          826                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           1     16.67%     33.33% |           4     66.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store::total            6                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Ack   |        3788     15.44%     15.44% |       14307     58.31%     73.74% |        1728      7.04%     80.78% |        4715     19.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Ack::total        24538                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.All_acks_no_sharers |        9250      0.85%      0.85% |        9895      0.91%      1.76% |     1058229     97.46%     99.23% |        8386      0.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.All_acks_no_sharers::total      1085760                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store |         797     58.69%     58.69% |          99      7.29%     65.98% |         367     27.03%     93.00% |          95      7.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store::total         1358                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Ack  |        1855     39.94%     39.94% |         506     10.89%     50.83% |        1964     42.28%     93.11% |         320      6.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Ack::total         4645                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.All_acks_no_sharers |        2705      0.75%      0.75% |        1016      0.28%      1.03% |      356929     98.79%     99.82% |         651      0.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.All_acks_no_sharers::total       361301                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ack    |       30795      0.95%      0.95% |       13723      0.42%      1.37% |     3186193     97.91%     99.28% |       23389      0.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ack::total      3254100                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Ack |        2612     11.55%     11.55% |        4966     21.96%     33.51% |       13732     60.72%     94.23% |        1305      5.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Ack::total        22615                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |         117      1.91%      1.91% |         400      6.51%      8.42% |        5545     90.29%     98.71% |          79      1.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total         6141                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Data |       12562     28.83%     28.83% |        9404     21.58%     50.41% |       10666     24.48%     74.88% |       10946     25.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Data::total        43578                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data |        9251      0.85%      0.85% |        9896      0.91%      1.76% |     1058233     97.46%     99.23% |        8386      0.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data::total      1085766                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load   |           3      2.61%      2.61% |          33     28.70%     31.30% |          78     67.83%     99.13% |           1      0.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load::total          115                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ifetch |         197      7.02%      7.02% |         378     13.48%     20.50% |        1979     70.55%     91.05% |         251      8.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ifetch::total         2805                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ack    |        3376     15.37%     15.37% |        6421     29.24%     44.61% |        7049     32.10%     76.71% |        5114     23.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ack::total        21960                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Shared_Ack |        6222     38.83%     38.83% |        1302      8.13%     46.95% |        2733     17.06%     64.01% |        5767     35.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Shared_Ack::total        16024                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks |       12670     25.49%     25.49% |        9804     19.72%     45.22% |       16205     32.60%     77.82% |       11025     22.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks::total        49704                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks_no_sharers |           9     60.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           6     40.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks_no_sharers::total           15                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Load   |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Load::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Ifetch |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Ifetch::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack |          18      0.40%      0.40% |           0      0.00%      0.40% |        4468     99.60%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack::total         4486                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        4557    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load::total         4557                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Ifetch |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Ifetch::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1486    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store::total         1486                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack |          84      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |     1388653     99.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack::total      1388737                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ST.Complete_L2_to_L1 |       45530     23.76%     23.76% |       37374     19.50%     43.26% |       75609     39.46%     82.72% |       33113     17.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ST.Complete_L2_to_L1::total       191626                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |       10348     38.92%     38.92% |        1330      5.00%     43.92% |       12664     47.63%     91.55% |        2248      8.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total        26590                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |        7830      0.55%      0.55% |        1177      0.08%      0.63% |     1415750     99.35%     99.98% |         325      0.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total      1425082                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |        9288      0.94%      0.94% |        1449      0.15%      1.08% |      980851     98.77%     99.85% |        1478      0.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total       993066                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  3.904631                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                3904631459000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               56101988982001                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 147778                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   207433                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              255414983                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2098064                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 15287.40                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2259144138                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3171113415                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     23446464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          23446464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     12580288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       12580288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       366351                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             366351                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       196567                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            196567                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      6004783                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total              6004783                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0      3221889                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             3221889                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0      9226672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total             9226672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     366351                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    196567                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   366351                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  196567                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              23339968                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                 106496                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               12578368                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               23446464                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            12580288                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                  1664                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    3                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            25790                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            27073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            27314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            21918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            20579                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            20605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            19686                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            22543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            21016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            24410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           24234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           21819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           21187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           21249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           20348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           24916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            14185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            14336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            14268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            12238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            11319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            11333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            10929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            12315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            11266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            12716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           12262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           11624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           11457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           11812                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           11175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           13302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 3904627269000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               366351                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              196567                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 364540                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                    147                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                 10539                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                 10612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                 10899                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                 10974                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                 10972                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                 10976                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                 10969                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                 10965                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                 10971                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                 10961                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                 10969                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                 10975                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                 10968                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                 10960                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                 10971                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                 10954                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                 10951                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                 10951                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       360285                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean    99.694231                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    82.212005                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   107.103291                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       270612     75.11%     75.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        71265     19.78%     94.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        10436      2.90%     97.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3110      0.86%     98.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1013      0.28%     98.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          583      0.16%     99.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          428      0.12%     99.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          401      0.11%     99.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2437      0.68%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       360285                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        10951                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     33.609533                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    71.342066                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        10937     99.87%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            8      0.07%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            2      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            2      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::6912-7167            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        10951                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        10951                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.946945                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.942422                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.391715                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16             362      3.31%      3.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17              48      0.44%      3.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18           10358     94.58%     98.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19             178      1.63%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20               3      0.03%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21               1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        10951                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  4707930748                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            11545811998                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1823435000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    12909.51                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               31659.51                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        5.98                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        3.22                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     6.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     3.22                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     24.54                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  136349                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  64590                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                37.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               32.86                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                   6936405.07                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   35.80                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy              1398630240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy               763141500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             1461743400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy             653981040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        255255418080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        299932232715                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        2081737122750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          2641202269725                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           675.834750                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3459966649250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF 130384020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 314276599750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy              1336842360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy               729427875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             1412767200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy             619578720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        255255418080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        293836339215                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        2087084389500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          2640274762950                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           675.597420                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3468997270000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF 130384020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 305243987500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     23346432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          23346432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     12554496                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       12554496                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       364788                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             364788                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       196164                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            196164                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      5979164                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total              5979164                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1      3215283                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total             3215283                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1      9194447                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total             9194447                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     364788                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    196164                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   364788                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  196164                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              23240768                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                 105664                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               12552960                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               23346432                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            12554496                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                  1651                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            25437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            26957                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            27046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            21707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            20429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            20464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            19597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            22324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            21223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            24251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           24262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           21617                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           21443                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           20697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           20802                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           24881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            14145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            14227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            14105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            12197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            11270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            11309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            10923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            12198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            11259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            12794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           12210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           11667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           11464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           11730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           11351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           13291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 3904626356500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               364788                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              196164                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 362983                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                    154                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                 10531                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                 10605                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 10872                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 10960                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 10950                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 10948                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 10941                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 10943                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 10941                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 10947                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 10946                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 10942                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 10941                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 10944                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 10946                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 10927                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 10927                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 10930                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       359412                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean    99.589507                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    82.075856                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   107.584997                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127       270748     75.33%     75.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        70401     19.59%     94.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        10330      2.87%     97.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3069      0.85%     98.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          955      0.27%     98.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          590      0.16%     99.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          441      0.12%     99.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          387      0.11%     99.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2491      0.69%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       359412                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        10927                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     33.512126                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    71.572358                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        10917     99.91%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            3      0.03%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            4      0.04%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::6912-7167            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        10927                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        10927                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.950032                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.945713                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.382760                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16             341      3.12%      3.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17              52      0.48%      3.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18           10358     94.79%     98.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19             164      1.50%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20              12      0.11%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        10927                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  4653502996                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            11462321746                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1815685000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    12814.73                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               31564.73                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        5.95                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        3.21                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     5.98                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     3.22                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     24.51                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  135437                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  64427                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                37.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               32.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                   6960713.85                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   35.73                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy              1390563720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy               758740125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             1449591000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy             650423520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        255255418080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        298504675125                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        2082989366250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          2640998777820                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           675.782680                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3462021085250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF 130384020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 312220283250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              1338377040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy               730265250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             1412876400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy             620563680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        255255418080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        293827107780                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        2087092495500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          2640277103730                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           675.598017                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3468997447750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF 130384020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 305243823500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     23363456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          23363456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     12555392                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       12555392                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       365054                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             365054                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       196178                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            196178                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      5983524                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total              5983524                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2      3215513                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total             3215513                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2      9199037                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total             9199037                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     365054                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    196178                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   365054                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  196178                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              23260800                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                 102656                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               12554048                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               23363456                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            12555392                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                  1604                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            25520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            27215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            27192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            21520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            20768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            20494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            19317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            22559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            21127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            24313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           24311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           21657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           21049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           21073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           20521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           24814                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            14097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            14205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            14242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            12038                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            11396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            11367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            10760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            12221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            11391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            12777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           12242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           11658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           11403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           11748                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           11265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           13347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 3904633249500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               365054                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              196178                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 363283                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                    166                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                 10565                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                 10628                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                 10869                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                 10949                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                 10949                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                 10947                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                 10944                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                 10940                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                 10938                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                 10941                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                 10944                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                 10944                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                 10948                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                 10933                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                 10935                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                 10927                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                 10925                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                 10926                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                    11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       360082                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean    99.462500                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean    81.971440                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   107.564527                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127       271832     75.49%     75.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        70030     19.45%     94.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        10213      2.84%     97.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3120      0.87%     98.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1013      0.28%     98.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767          560      0.16%     99.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895          423      0.12%     99.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          380      0.11%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2511      0.70%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       360082                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        10925                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     33.589931                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    72.460244                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        10912     99.88%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            6      0.05%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            2      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            3      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::6912-7167            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        10925                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        10925                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.954874                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.950949                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.364674                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16             310      2.84%      2.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::17              50      0.46%      3.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18           10392     95.12%     98.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::19             169      1.55%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::20               4      0.04%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        10925                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  4675377999                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            11490065499                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1817250000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    12863.88                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               31613.88                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        5.96                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        3.22                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     5.98                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     3.22                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     24.53                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  135243                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  64279                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                37.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               32.77                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                   6957253.42                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   35.65                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy              1394570520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy               760926375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy             1454317800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy             650112480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy        255255418080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy        297738897795                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy        2083661100750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          2640915343800                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           675.761331                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3463120064750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF 130384020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 311123612250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy              1339495920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy               730875750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy             1410232200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy             620984880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy        255255418080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy        293925201930                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy        2087006439750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          2640288648510                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           675.600973                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3468863249500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF 130384020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 305378940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     23366592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          23366592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     12566208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       12566208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       365103                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             365103                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       196347                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            196347                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      5984327                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total              5984327                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3      3218283                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total             3218283                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3      9202610                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total             9202610                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     365103                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    196347                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   365103                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  196347                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              23259200                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                 107392                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               12565248                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               23366592                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            12566208                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                  1678                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            25760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            26889                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            26767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            21853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            20608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            20391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            19578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            22622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            21027                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            24365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           24235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           21539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           21255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           20960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           20891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           24685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            14198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            14278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            14098                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            12131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            11399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            11320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            10898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            12274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            11280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            12757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           12230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           11669                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           11377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           11713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           11480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           13230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 3904627343000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               365103                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              196347                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 363286                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                    139                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                 10558                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                 10627                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                 10896                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                 10958                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                 10964                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                 10961                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                 10950                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                 10947                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                 10947                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                 10954                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                 10959                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                 10948                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                 10959                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                 10939                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                 10950                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                 10934                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                 10934                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                 10934                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       359725                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean    99.588074                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean    82.073533                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   107.703453                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127       270899     75.31%     75.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        70694     19.65%     94.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        10205      2.84%     97.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3017      0.84%     98.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639          998      0.28%     98.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767          549      0.15%     99.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895          473      0.13%     99.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          372      0.10%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2518      0.70%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       359725                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        10934                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     33.583227                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    72.791749                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        10920     99.87%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            6      0.05%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            3      0.03%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            3      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::6912-7167            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        10934                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        10934                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.956100                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.951873                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.379543                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16             323      2.95%      2.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::17              49      0.45%      3.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18           10361     94.76%     98.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::19             192      1.76%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::20               5      0.05%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::21               3      0.03%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        10934                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  4665305497                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            11479524247                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1817125000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    12837.05                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               31587.05                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        5.96                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        3.22                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     5.98                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     3.22                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     24.54                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  135227                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  64804                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                37.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               33.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                   6954541.53                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   35.73                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy              1394033760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy               760633500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy             1453303800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy             651862080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy        255255418080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy        298911066030                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy        2082632883000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          2641059200250                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           675.798141                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3461425228250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF 130384020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 312816898250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy              1337182560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy               729613500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy             1411043400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy             620369280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy        255255418080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy        294009149250                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy        2086932801750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          2640295577820                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           675.602746                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3468737523500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF 130384020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 305503734000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      7807795160                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    7655462                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     15108104                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             14858746                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                 25268                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     367447                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      1084883                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    14858746                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                        25268                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           30092741                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          12111976                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads               40531                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes              19662                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             8376773                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes            4922522                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      3518414                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    2137909                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   1380505                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              7775835636.956353                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              31959523.043647                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.004093                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.995907                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          1581131                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass               150125      0.99%      0.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 11357231     75.17%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                   20846      0.14%     76.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    43009      0.28%     76.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                  18681      0.12%     76.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                     16      0.00%     76.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 2137909     14.15%     90.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                1380505      9.14%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  15108322                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      7814027134                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    3836802                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                      7968546                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses              7808014                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                  3262                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     214391                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       564244                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                     7808014                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                         3262                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           15919915                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           6409921                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                5319                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes               2571                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads             4358852                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes            2423626                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      1932317                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    1191143                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                    741174                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              7796890381.716119                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              17136752.283882                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.002193                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.997807                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                           849254                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               120847      1.52%      1.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  5857775     73.51%     75.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   16326      0.20%     75.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                    39048      0.49%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                   2462      0.03%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 1191143     14.95%     90.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                 741174      9.30%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                   7968775                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      7805637142                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                 2240751042                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                   3134350875                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses           1367336748                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses            2127688236                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                    4897958                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts    125501996                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                  1367336748                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                   2127688236                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads         2750270418                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes         830391447                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads          4601246986                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes         2077624177                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads           737041039                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes          430983538                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                    408878688                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                  353962282                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                  54916406                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              29886034.718529                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              7775751107.281471                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.996171                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.003829                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                        163547607                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass              2293130      0.07%      0.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu               1678506170     53.55%     53.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   80034      0.00%     53.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                   100002      0.00%     53.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd             1044501635     33.32%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                     32      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead               353962282     11.29%     98.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite               54916406      1.75%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                3134359691                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      7808994168                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    5489545                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     11075476                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             10892743                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                 16079                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     257680                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       827916                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    10892743                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                        16079                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           21837417                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           8880057                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads               26099                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes              12713                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             6069361                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            3570744                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      2538960                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    1524815                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                   1014145                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              7785498082.628212                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              23496085.371788                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.003009                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.996991                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                          1205317                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass               132342      1.19%      1.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  8333042     75.24%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   15054      0.14%     76.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    44326      0.40%     76.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                  12016      0.11%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                     48      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 1524815     13.77%     90.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                1014145      9.16%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  11075788                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 5054                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                5054                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                7212                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               7212                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               545                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              545                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          256                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          256                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          256                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          258                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         1026                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           58                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1004                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          548                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2296                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3930                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1004                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1092                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2242                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4354                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           34                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         2198                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         7722                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2274                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        12248                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           80                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1014                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          694                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2260                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4064                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   25622                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          516                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         2052                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         2008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          274                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           24                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         6954                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         2008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          546                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4484                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         7052                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         4396                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         3861                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4548                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        12865                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           46                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         2028                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          347                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         6973                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    35896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy               160000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy              4289981                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             6204000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             3058989                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             3015494                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             3280521                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             3026490                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              764496                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             3015000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             3399500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy            10090000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             3116000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            1                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes         4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           26                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes       106496                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           26                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   7626724033                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000380                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  7626722932    100.00%    100.00% |        1101      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   7626724033                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     7626724033                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.053549                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.003599                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         2.592968                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  7626478963    100.00%    100.00% |      196104      0.00%    100.00% |       10081      0.00%    100.00% |       12163      0.00%    100.00% |       22217      0.00%    100.00% |        4469      0.00%    100.00% |          28      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       7626724033                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   7623617926                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean      1.007053                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.001693                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.265489                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |  7618240659     99.93%     99.93% |           0      0.00%     99.93% |           0      0.00%     99.93% |           0      0.00%     99.93% |           0      0.00%     99.93% |     5377267      0.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   7623617926                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3106107                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   115.172189                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   106.667851                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    57.510473                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     2861037     92.11%     92.11% |      196104      6.31%     98.42% |       10081      0.32%     98.75% |       12163      0.39%     99.14% |       22217      0.72%     99.85% |        4469      0.14%    100.00% |          28      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      3106107                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.incomplete_times_seqr          541                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits      3440022                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        86013                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      3526035                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits     10112703                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses        75656                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses     10188359                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       108848                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        52821                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       161669                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            32                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1883540                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses        51772                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1935312                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits      5048712                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses        47261                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses      5095973                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        58529                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        40504                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        99033                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits    411719117                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses      3856214                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    415575331                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits   3374747089                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        90720                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses   3374837809                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits      2498906                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses      1448028                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses      3946934                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles         24224                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits      2481630                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        65931                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      2547561                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits      7220365                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        57480                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses      7277845                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        74830                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        48581                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses       123411                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles            11                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     0.013113                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::2        52821                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::3          147                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::4        91074                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::4      1621482                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          848                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1328                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         1328                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          480                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1538467                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        52821                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       422568                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         1176                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      6557328                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     12971856                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        61056                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        10624                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        10624                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         3840                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     12307736                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       422568                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized     0.012614                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Request_Control::2        40504                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Request_Control::3          136                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Data::4        78426                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Control::4      1602141                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5           36                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           44                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           44                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1550647                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        40504                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       324032                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         1088                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5646672                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     12817128                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5         2592                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          352                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          352                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     12405176                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       324032                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized     0.099714                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::2      1448028                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::3          127                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1467505                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::4      4443760                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       781941                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      1400414                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1400414                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       618473                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       143488                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      1448028                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     11584224                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         1016                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    105660360                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     35550080                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     56299752                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     11203312                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     11203312                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      4947784                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      1147904                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     11584224                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized     0.012794                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Request_Control::2        48581                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Request_Control::3          125                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Data::4        80874                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::4      1620401                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          685                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          914                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          914                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          229                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1542576                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        48581                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       388648                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         1000                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5822928                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     12963208                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        49320                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         7312                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         7312                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         1832                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     12340608                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       388648                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     0.022884                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::2       408230                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::3          357                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::1           27                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::4       366334                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::4         1767                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       196124                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          443                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          416                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       351401                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       351401                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       155277                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       408315                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       408230                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      3265840                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         2856                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         1944                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     26376048                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        14136                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     14120928                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3544                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         3328                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      2811208                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2811208                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      1242216                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      3266520                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      3265840                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.022582                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::2       383826                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::3          170                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::1           23                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::4       364767                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::4         1755                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       195725                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          439                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          416                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       350177                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       350177                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       154452                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       384095                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       383826                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      3070608                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         1360                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         1656                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     26263224                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        14040                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     14092200                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3512                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         3328                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      2801416                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2801416                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      1235616                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      3072760                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      3070608                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.022730                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::2       398044                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::3            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::1           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::4       365038                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::4         1728                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       195746                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          432                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          416                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       350578                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       350578                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       154832                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       398472                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       398044                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      3184352                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         1152                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     26282736                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        13824                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     14093712                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3456                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         3328                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      2804624                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2804624                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      1238656                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      3187776                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      3184352                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.022753                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::2       399834                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::3            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::1           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::4       365087                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::4         1728                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       195915                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          432                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          416                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       350544                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       350544                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       154629                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       400262                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       399834                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      3198672                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         1152                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     26286264                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        13824                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     14105880                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3456                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         3328                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      2804352                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2804352                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      1237032                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      3202096                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      3198672                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.000013                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1           82                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1746                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1664                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         5904                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        13968                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        13312                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.023939                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::2      1589934                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::3          535                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1           82                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1589553                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::4      4647381                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       783510                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1746                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1664                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      1402700                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1402700                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       619190                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      4775178                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      1589934                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     12719472                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         4280                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         5904                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    114447816                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     37179048                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     56412720                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        13968                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        13312                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     11221600                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     11221600                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      4953520                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     38201424                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     12719472                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control      4771407                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data      4768904                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control     13942143                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      2350530                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     10284000                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Broadcast_Control     11141500                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Unblock_Control      4769802                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control     38171256                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data    343361088                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control    111537144                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    169238160                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control     82272000                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Broadcast_Control     89132000                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Unblock_Control     38158416                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     0.013669                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3          147                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        52626                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4       121316                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         1328                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1538467                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         1176                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      3789072                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       970528                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        10624                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     12307736                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     0.012557                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        52821                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        38448                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4      1500166                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          848                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1328                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          480                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        52821                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       422568                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2768256                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     12001328                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        61056                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        10624                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         3840                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       422568                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization     0.012833                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3          136                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        40465                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        89319                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           44                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1550647                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         1088                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2913480                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       714552                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          352                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     12405176                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization     0.012395                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        40504                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        37961                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4      1512822                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5           36                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           44                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        40504                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       324032                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2733192                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     12102576                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5         2592                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          352                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       324032                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization     0.120980                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3          127                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1447949                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4      4319701                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1400414                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       143488                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         1016                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    104252328                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     34557608                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     11203312                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      1147904                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization     0.078448                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2      1448028                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        19556                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4       124059                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       781941                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      1400414                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       618473                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      1448028                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     11584224                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1408032                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       992472                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     56299752                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     11203312                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      4947784                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     11584224                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization     0.013383                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3          125                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        48507                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4       110067                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          914                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1542576                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         1000                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      3492504                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       880536                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         7312                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     12340608                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization     0.012204                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        48581                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        32367                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4      1510334                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          685                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          914                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          229                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        48581                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       388648                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2330424                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     12082672                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        49320                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         7312                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         1832                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       388648                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     0.019787                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       408230                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4            5                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4         1767                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       196124                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          443                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       351401                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       155277                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       408230                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      3265840                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4          360                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        14136                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     14120928                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3544                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      2811208                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      1242216                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      3265840                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     0.025980                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3          357                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1           27                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       366329                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          416                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       351401                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       408315                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         2856                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         1944                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     26375688                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         3328                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2811208                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      3266520                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.019439                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       383826                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4         1755                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       195725                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          439                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       350177                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       154452                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       383826                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      3070608                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        14040                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     14092200                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3512                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      2801416                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      1235616                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      3070608                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.025726                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3          170                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1           23                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       364766                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          416                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       350177                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       384095                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         1360                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         1656                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     26263152                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         3328                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2801416                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      3072760                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.019627                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       398044                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4         1728                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       195746                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          432                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       350578                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       154832                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       398044                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      3184352                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        13824                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     14093712                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3456                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      2804624                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      1238656                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      3184352                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.025834                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       365038                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          416                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       350578                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       398472                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         1152                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     26282736                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         3328                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2804624                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      3187776                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.019658                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       399834                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4         1728                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       195915                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          432                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       350544                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       154629                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       399834                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      3198672                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        13824                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     14105880                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3456                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      2804352                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      1237032                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      3198672                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.025848                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       365087                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          416                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       350544                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       400262                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         1152                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     26286264                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         3328                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2804352                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      3202096                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000015                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1           82                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1664                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         5904                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        13312                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000011                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1746                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        13968                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.013669                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3          147                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        52626                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4       121316                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         1328                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1538467                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         1176                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      3789072                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       970528                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        10624                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     12307736                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.012833                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3          136                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        40465                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4        89319                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           44                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1550647                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         1088                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2913480                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       714552                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          352                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     12405176                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.link_utilization     0.120980                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Request_Control::3          127                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1447949                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::4      4319701                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1400414                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       143488                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         1016                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    104252328                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     34557608                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     11203312                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      1147904                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.link_utilization     0.013383                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Request_Control::3          125                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::4        48507                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::4       110067                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          914                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1542576                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         1000                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      3492504                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       880536                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         7312                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     12340608                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.link_utilization     0.019787                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::2       408230                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::4            5                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::4         1767                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       196124                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          443                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       351401                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       155277                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       408230                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      3265840                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4          360                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        14136                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     14120928                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3544                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      2811208                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      1242216                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      3265840                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.link_utilization     0.019439                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::2       383826                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::4            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::4         1755                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       195725                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          439                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       350177                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       154452                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       383826                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      3070608                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        14040                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     14092200                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3512                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      2801416                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      1235616                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      3070608                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.link_utilization     0.019627                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Request_Control::2       398044                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::4         1728                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       195746                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          432                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       350578                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       154832                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       398044                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      3184352                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        13824                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     14093712                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3456                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      2804624                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      1238656                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      3184352                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.link_utilization     0.019658                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Request_Control::2       399834                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Control::4         1728                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       195915                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          432                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       350544                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       154629                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       399834                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      3198672                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        13824                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     14105880                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3456                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      2804352                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      1237032                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      3198672                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.link_utilization     0.000015                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1           82                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1664                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         5904                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        13312                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    727541168                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.433154                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.030144                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      7.403918                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   727330316     99.97%     99.97% |      171743      0.02%     99.99% |        8808      0.00%    100.00% |       10403      0.00%    100.00% |       16508      0.00%    100.00% |        3366      0.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     727541168                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    725259503                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.062495                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.015098                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.788063                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |   720727001     99.38%     99.38% |           0      0.00%     99.38% |           0      0.00%     99.38% |           0      0.00%     99.38% |           0      0.00%     99.38% |     4532502      0.62%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    725259503                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2281665                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   119.252543                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   110.668430                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    57.939706                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     2070813     90.76%     90.76% |      171743      7.53%     98.29% |        8808      0.39%     98.67% |       10403      0.46%     99.13% |       16508      0.72%     99.85% |        3366      0.15%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      2281665                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples    114226029                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.729844                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.038912                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      9.622393                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |   114195680     99.97%     99.97% |       20957      0.02%     99.99% |        1198      0.00%     99.99% |        1672      0.00%     99.99% |        5443      0.00%    100.00% |        1067      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total     114226029                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    113471540                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.032408                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.007801                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.568356                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |   113103803     99.68%     99.68% |           0      0.00%     99.68% |           0      0.00%     99.68% |           0      0.00%     99.68% |           0      0.00%     99.68% |      367737      0.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    113471540                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       754489                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   106.620938                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   100.551030                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    53.794763                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      724140     95.98%     95.98% |       20957      2.78%     98.76% |        1198      0.16%     98.91% |        1672      0.22%     99.14% |        5443      0.72%     99.86% |        1067      0.14%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       754489                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   6783299255                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.001133                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000178                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.264919                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  6783296184    100.00%    100.00% |        2719      0.00%    100.00% |          58      0.00%    100.00% |          60      0.00%    100.00% |         201      0.00%    100.00% |          33      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   6783299255                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   6783263791                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.000648                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000155                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.080495                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |  6782824243     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |      439548      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   6783263791                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        35464                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    93.697496                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    79.136910                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    59.933628                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       32393     91.34%     91.34% |        2719      7.67%     99.01% |          58      0.16%     99.17% |          60      0.17%     99.34% |         201      0.57%     99.91% |          33      0.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        35464                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       949215                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.036439                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.148851                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     7.018444                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |      947745     99.85%     99.85% |        1211      0.13%     99.97% |         236      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       949215                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       934465                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.342099                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.085490                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.817682                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |      902497     96.58%     96.58% |           0      0.00%     96.58% |           0      0.00%     96.58% |           0      0.00%     96.58% |           0      0.00%     96.58% |       31968      3.42%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       934465                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        14750                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.025288                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    41.797191                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    31.545958                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       13280     90.03%     90.03% |        1211      8.21%     98.24% |         236      1.60%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           4      0.03%     99.87% |           3      0.02%     99.89% |           3      0.02%     99.91% |           4      0.03%     99.94% |           9      0.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        14750                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       354183                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     4.478668                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.290573                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    18.093963                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      353644     99.85%     99.85% |         449      0.13%     99.97% |          13      0.00%     99.98% |          22      0.01%     99.98% |          52      0.01%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       354183                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       334444                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.164811                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.040311                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.273166                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |      328932     98.35%     98.35% |           0      0.00%     98.35% |           0      0.00%     98.35% |           0      0.00%     98.35% |           0      0.00%     98.35% |        5512      1.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       334444                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        19739                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    60.626374                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    49.773832                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    50.084961                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       19200     97.27%     97.27% |         449      2.27%     99.54% |          13      0.07%     99.61% |          22      0.11%     99.72% |          52      0.26%     99.98% |           3      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        19739                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       354183                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      354183    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       354183                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       354183                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      354183    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       354183                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples   7618239966                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  7618239966    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total   7618239966                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       218976                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    34.250461                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    34.182803                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.301602                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      218128     99.61%     99.61% |         843      0.38%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       218976                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::samples       218435                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::mean     1.031996                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::gmean     1.007830                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::stdev     0.561846                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request |      217700     99.66%     99.66% |          45      0.02%     99.68% |           0      0.00%     99.68% |           0      0.00%     99.68% |           0      0.00%     99.68% |         690      0.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::total       218435                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::samples       218435                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::mean     8.009353                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::gmean     8.006647                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::stdev     0.326067                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      218358     99.96%     99.96% |          63      0.03%     99.99% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::total       218435                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::samples       218435                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::mean    24.000687                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::gmean    24.000646                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::stdev     0.046381                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      218416     99.99%     99.99% |          19      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::total       218435                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::samples       218435                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::mean     1.156729                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::stdev     1.900049                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion |      114488     52.41%     52.41% |       61451     28.13%     80.55% |       15873      7.27%     87.81% |          50      0.02%     87.83% |          51      0.02%     87.86% |          13      0.01%     87.86% |       26509     12.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::total       218435                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5377960                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.998711                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.996602                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.113509                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr |         693      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |     5377267     99.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      5377960                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2887131                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   121.309741                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   116.283574                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    54.987066                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     2642061     91.51%     91.51% |      196104      6.79%     98.30% |       10081      0.35%     98.65% |       12163      0.42%     99.07% |       22217      0.77%     99.84% |        4469      0.15%    100.00% |          28      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      2887131                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::samples      2887131                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::mean     1.067193                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::gmean     1.011965                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::stdev     1.035168                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request |     2875011     99.58%     99.58% |           2      0.00%     99.58% |          19      0.00%     99.58% |           0      0.00%     99.58% |       12059      0.42%    100.00% |          40      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::total      2887131                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::samples      2887131                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::mean     8.104512                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::gmean     8.052513                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::stdev     1.580919                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     2869073     99.37%     99.37% |        5957      0.21%     99.58% |        4532      0.16%     99.74% |           0      0.00%     99.74% |           0      0.00%     99.74% |           0      0.00%     99.74% |           0      0.00%     99.74% |        7569      0.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::total      2887131                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::samples      2887131                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::mean    24.000045                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::gmean    24.000042                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::stdev     0.011548                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     2887117    100.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::total      2887131                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::samples      2887131                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::mean    88.137992                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::gmean    81.613613                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::stdev    55.099796                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion |     2828774     97.98%     97.98% |       12320      0.43%     98.41% |        9692      0.34%     98.74% |       14192      0.49%     99.23% |       22062      0.76%    100.00% |          65      0.00%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::total      2887131                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples    720726979                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   720726979    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total    720726979                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       147242                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    33.457295                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    33.434839                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.431644                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      146702     99.63%     99.63% |         538      0.37%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       147242                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      4532524                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.999951                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.999872                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.022031                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |          22      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     4532502    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      4532524                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2134423                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   125.171081                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   120.194213                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    55.187299                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     1923571     90.12%     90.12% |      171743      8.05%     98.17% |        8808      0.41%     98.58% |       10403      0.49%     99.07% |       16508      0.77%     99.84% |        3366      0.16%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      2134423                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples    113103203                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   113103203    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total    113103203                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        33202                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    36.091410                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    35.973844                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.983553                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       32502     97.89%     97.89% |         429      1.29%     99.18% |         269      0.81%     99.99% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        33202                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       368337                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.983711                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.957117                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.403273                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |         600      0.16%      0.16% |           0      0.00%      0.16% |           0      0.00%      0.16% |           0      0.00%      0.16% |           0      0.00%      0.16% |      367737     99.84%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       368337                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       721287                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   109.867526                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   105.422914                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    52.793520                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      690938     95.79%     95.79% |       20957      2.91%     98.70% |        1198      0.17%     98.86% |        1672      0.23%     99.10% |        5443      0.75%     99.85% |        1067      0.15%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       721287                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples   6782824243                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  6782824243    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total   6782824243                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        10608                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    33.214838                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    33.211360                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.488520                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       10552     99.47%     99.47% |          56      0.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        10608                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       439548                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      439548    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       439548                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        24856                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   119.510179                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   114.634128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    53.827503                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       21785     87.64%     87.64% |        2719     10.94%     98.58% |          58      0.23%     98.82% |          60      0.24%     99.06% |         201      0.81%     99.87% |          33      0.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        24856                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       902497                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      902497    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       902497                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        13245                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    37.251038                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    37.183724                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.223612                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       13237     99.94%     99.94% |           4      0.03%     99.97% |           2      0.02%     99.98% |           1      0.01%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        13245                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        31968                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       31968    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        31968                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1505                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   123.244518                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   116.995700                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    55.413209                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |          36      2.39%      2.39% |        1210     80.40%     82.79% |         236     15.68%     98.47% |           0      0.00%     98.47% |           0      0.00%     98.47% |           4      0.27%     98.74% |           3      0.20%     98.94% |           3      0.20%     99.14% |           4      0.27%     99.40% |           9      0.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         1505                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       328932                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      328932    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       328932                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        14679                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    36.083521                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    35.982799                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.731845                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       14565     99.22%     99.22% |          81      0.55%     99.78% |          28      0.19%     99.97% |           4      0.03%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        14679                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         5512                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        5512    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         5512                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         5060                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   131.824901                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   127.575744                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    54.290279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        4521     89.35%     89.35% |         449      8.87%     98.22% |          13      0.26%     98.48% |          22      0.43%     98.91% |          52      1.03%     99.94% |           3      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         5060                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       354112                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      354112    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       354112                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples           71                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          71    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total           71                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |      105341     25.70%     25.70% |       99097     24.18%     49.88% |      103110     25.15%     75.03% |      102351     24.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total       409899                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS    |      304418     25.66%     25.66% |      286261     24.13%     49.80% |      296468     24.99%     74.79% |      299062     25.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS::total      1186209                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUT     |      351401     25.05%     25.05% |      350177     24.96%     50.02% |      350578     24.99%     75.01% |      350544     24.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUT::total      1402700                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockS |       22772     32.72%     32.72% |       10851     15.59%     48.31% |       16537     23.76%     72.06% |       19445     27.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockS::total        69605                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockM |      385458     25.35%     25.35% |      372975     24.53%     49.89% |      381507     25.09%     74.98% |      380389     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockM::total      1520329                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Clean |        1166     24.67%     24.67% |        1194     25.26%     49.94% |        1172     24.80%     74.74% |        1194     25.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Clean::total         4726                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Dirty |          28     36.36%     36.36% |           7      9.09%     45.45% |          34     44.16%     89.61% |           8     10.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Dirty::total           77                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean |      154111     25.08%     25.08% |      153258     24.94%     50.02% |      153660     25.01%     75.03% |      153435     24.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean::total       614464                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty |      196096     25.03%     25.03% |      195718     24.98%     50.01% |      195712     24.98%     74.99% |      195907     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty::total       783433                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          27     32.93%     32.93% |          23     28.05%     60.98% |          16     19.51%     80.49% |          16     19.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           82                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |         416     25.00%     25.00% |         416     25.00%     50.00% |         416     25.00%     75.00% |         416     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         1664                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      366351     25.07%     25.07% |      364788     24.96%     50.03% |      365054     24.98%     75.02% |      365103     24.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1461296                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      196567     25.03%     25.03% |      196164     24.98%     50.01% |      196178     24.98%     75.00% |      196347     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       785256                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Ack     |        1767     25.32%     25.32% |        1755     25.15%     50.47% |        1728     24.76%     75.24% |        1728     24.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Ack::total         6978                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Data |           5     83.33%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total            6                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |         443     25.37%     25.37% |         439     25.14%     50.52% |         432     24.74%     75.26% |         432     24.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total         1746                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_Unblocks |         357     66.73%     66.73% |         170     31.78%     98.50% |           4      0.75%     99.25% |           4      0.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_Unblocks::total          535                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETX |        7975     34.73%     34.73% |        2838     12.36%     47.09% |        6446     28.07%     75.17% |        5702     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETX::total        22961                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETS |        9649     36.84%     36.84% |        2937     11.21%     48.06% |        5033     19.22%     67.27% |        8571     32.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETS::total        26190                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.PUT  |        1194     24.86%     24.86% |        1201     25.01%     49.86% |        1206     25.11%     74.97% |        1202     25.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.PUT::total         4803                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETX |        4225     27.97%     27.97% |        3332     22.06%     50.03% |        3707     24.54%     74.57% |        3841     25.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETX::total        15105                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETS |       19694     30.81%     30.81% |        9783     15.30%     46.11% |       17816     27.87%     73.99% |       16629     26.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETS::total        63922                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.PUT  |      350207     25.05%     25.05% |      348976     24.96%     50.02% |      349372     24.99%     75.01% |      349342     24.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.PUT::total      1397897                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.DMA_READ |           5     83.33%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.DMA_READ::total            6                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETX  |          20     31.25%     31.25% |          11     17.19%     48.44% |          20     31.25%     79.69% |          13     20.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETX::total           64                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETS  |        3367     24.88%     24.88% |        3387     25.03%     49.90% |        3321     24.54%     74.44% |        3459     25.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETS::total        13534                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETX  |       92714     25.05%     25.05% |       92541     25.00%     50.05% |       92520     24.99%     75.04% |       92385     24.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETX::total       370160                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETS  |      270228     25.08%     25.08% |      268827     24.95%     50.03% |      269177     24.98%     75.01% |      269230     24.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETS::total      1077462                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_READ |          22     28.95%     28.95% |          22     28.95%     57.89% |          16     21.05%     78.95% |          16     21.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_READ::total           76                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_WRITE |         416     25.00%     25.00% |         416     25.00%     50.00% |         416     25.00%     75.00% |         416     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_WRITE::total         1664                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETX |          34     30.09%     30.09% |          24     21.24%     51.33% |          47     41.59%     92.92% |           8      7.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETX::total          113                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETS |         357     66.73%     66.73% |         170     31.78%     98.50% |           4      0.75%     99.25% |           4      0.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETS::total          535                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockS |       19013     34.30%     34.30% |        7282     13.14%     47.43% |       13167     23.75%     71.18% |       15974     28.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockS::total        55436                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockM |      385101     25.34%     25.34% |      372793     24.53%     49.87% |      381501     25.10%     74.97% |      380385     25.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockM::total      1519780                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockS |          34     34.34%     34.34% |          12     12.12%     46.46% |          45     45.45%     91.92% |           8      8.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockS::total           99                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockM |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          12     85.71%     85.71% |           2     14.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockM::total           14                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.GETS |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.UnblockM |         357     66.73%     66.73% |         170     31.78%     98.50% |           4      0.75%     99.25% |           4      0.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.UnblockM::total          535                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.GETX |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           2     50.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.GETX::total            4                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.UnblockS |         358     66.79%     66.79% |         170     31.72%     98.51% |           4      0.75%     99.25% |           4      0.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.UnblockS::total          536                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.All_Unblocks |         357     66.73%     66.73% |         170     31.78%     98.50% |           4      0.75%     99.25% |           4      0.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.All_Unblocks::total          535                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B.UnblockS |        3367     24.88%     24.88% |        3387     25.03%     49.90% |        3321     24.54%     74.44% |        3459     25.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B.UnblockS::total        13534                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.GETS |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.Memory_Data |      362962     25.07%     25.07% |      361379     24.96%     50.03% |      361717     24.99%     75.02% |      361628     24.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.Memory_Data::total      1447686                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B_W.Memory_Data |        3367     24.88%     24.88% |        3387     25.03%     49.90% |        3321     24.54%     74.44% |        3459     25.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B_W.Memory_Data::total        13534                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Ack |        1664     25.00%     25.00% |        1664     25.00%     50.00% |        1664     25.00%     75.00% |        1664     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Ack::total         6656                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |         416     25.00%     25.00% |         416     25.00%     50.00% |         416     25.00%     75.00% |         416     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total         1664                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Memory_Data |          22     28.95%     28.95% |          22     28.95%     57.89% |          16     21.05%     78.95% |          16     21.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Memory_Data::total           76                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Ack |          76     26.39%     26.39% |          84     29.17%     55.56% |          64     22.22%     77.78% |          64     22.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Ack::total          288                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Ack |          15     83.33%     83.33% |           3     16.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Ack::total           18                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Exclusive_Data |           5     83.33%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Exclusive_Data::total            6                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |           5     83.33%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total            6                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.Ack |          12     75.00%     75.00% |           4     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.Ack::total           16                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |          22     28.95%     28.95% |          22     28.95%     57.89% |          16     21.05%     78.95% |          16     21.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total           76                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_W.Memory_Ack |         416     25.00%     25.00% |         416     25.00%     50.00% |         416     25.00%     75.00% |         416     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_W.Memory_Ack::total         1664                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETX |         372     24.93%     24.93% |         349     23.39%     48.32% |         370     24.80%     73.12% |         401     26.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETX::total         1492                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETS |        1121     24.57%     24.57% |        1157     25.36%     49.92% |        1117     24.48%     74.40% |        1168     25.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETS::total         4563                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Clean |        1166     24.67%     24.67% |        1194     25.26%     49.94% |        1172     24.80%     74.74% |        1194     25.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Clean::total         4726                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Dirty |          28     36.36%     36.36% |           7      9.09%     45.45% |          34     44.16%     89.61% |           8     10.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Dirty::total           77                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean |      154111     25.08%     25.08% |      153258     24.94%     50.02% |      153660     25.01%     75.03% |      153435     24.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean::total       614464                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty |      196096     25.03%     25.03% |      195718     24.98%     50.01% |      195712     24.98%     74.99% |      195907     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty::total       783433                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_O_W.Memory_Ack |          28     36.36%     36.36% |           7      9.09%     45.45% |          34     44.16%     89.61% |           8     10.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_O_W.Memory_Ack::total           77                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_E_W.Memory_Ack |      196123     25.03%     25.03% |      195741     24.98%     50.01% |      195728     24.98%     74.99% |      195923     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_E_W.Memory_Ack::total       783515                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        1664    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         1664                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |        1664    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total            1664                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        1664    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         1664                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |        1664    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total         1664                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     1987034      0.54%      0.54% |     1113701      0.31%      0.85% |   360285901     98.75%     99.60% |     1444538      0.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    364831174                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    10188359      0.00%      0.00% |     5095973      0.00%      0.00% |18446744072789422080    100.00%    100.00% |     7277845      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total 18446744072811984896                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     1539005      2.62%      2.62% |      821614      1.40%      4.02% |    55295510     94.11%     98.12% |     1103033      1.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     58759162                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |        1929      0.14%      0.14% |          63      0.00%      0.14% |     1405232     99.76%     99.90% |        1440      0.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total      1408664                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_to_L2  |      138628      3.25%      3.25% |       80416      1.89%      5.14% |     3935876     92.40%     97.55% |      104464      2.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_to_L2::total      4259384                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |       37042      1.49%      1.49% |       14982      0.60%      2.09% |     2419019     97.00%     99.08% |       22906      0.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total      2493949                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |       71947     29.05%     29.05% |       43588     17.60%     46.65% |       80054     32.32%     78.97% |       52074     21.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total       247663                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Complete_L2_to_L1 |      108989      3.98%      3.98% |       58570      2.14%      6.11% |     2499073     91.15%     97.27% |       74980      2.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Complete_L2_to_L1::total      2741612                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETX |      389700     31.64%     31.64% |      399587     32.45%     64.09% |       44731      3.63%     67.72% |      397508     32.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETX::total      1231526                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETS |     1148767     32.42%     32.42% |     1151060     32.48%     64.90% |       98757      2.79%     67.69% |     1145068     32.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETS::total      3543652                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Merged_GETS |         147     27.48%     27.48% |         136     25.42%     52.90% |         127     23.74%     76.64% |         125     23.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Merged_GETS::total          535                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |      110779      2.42%      2.42% |       73156      1.60%      4.02% |     4302363     93.95%     97.96% |       93293      2.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total      4579591                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Ack |       10537     17.33%     17.33% |       16163     26.58%     43.91% |       17338     28.51%     72.42% |       16774     27.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Ack::total        60812                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |        9719     26.87%     26.87% |        7933     21.93%     48.80% |        9581     26.49%     75.29% |        8939     24.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total        36172                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Data |       15425     27.51%     27.51% |       11412     20.35%     47.86% |       13399     23.90%     71.76% |       15835     28.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Data::total        56071                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data |       27482      1.84%      1.84% |       21120      1.41%      3.25% |     1424969     95.17%     98.41% |       23733      1.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total      1497304                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |        1328      0.09%      0.09% |          44      0.00%      0.10% |     1400414     99.84%     99.93% |         914      0.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total      1402700                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks  |       15772     22.68%     22.68% |       15142     21.77%     44.45% |       19207     27.62%     72.06% |       19431     27.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks::total        69552                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks_no_sharers |       37049      2.44%      2.44% |       25362      1.67%      4.10% |     1428821     93.98%     98.08% |       29150      1.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks_no_sharers::total      1520382                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       28858      2.49%      2.49% |       26464      2.28%      4.78% |     1072139     92.57%     97.35% |       30729      2.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total      1158190                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        3709     15.81%     15.81% |        3673     15.66%     31.47% |       10666     45.48%     76.95% |        5406     23.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total        23454                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |       14427      3.66%      3.66% |        8056      2.04%      5.70% |      362381     91.92%     97.63% |        9352      2.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total       394216                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETX |      372225     31.93%     31.93% |      381923     32.77%     64.70% |       32491      2.79%     67.49% |      378975     32.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETX::total      1165614                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETS |     1100203     32.43%     32.43% |     1114329     32.84%     65.27% |       68162      2.01%     67.28% |     1110027     32.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETS::total      3392721                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      286394      5.14%      5.14% |      190867      3.42%      8.56% |     4825816     86.56%     95.12% |      271983      4.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total      5575060                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     6688805     27.63%     27.63% |     4931802     20.37%     48.00% |     5627568     23.24%     71.24% |     6962432     28.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     24210607                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        5535     41.75%     41.75% |        2237     16.87%     58.63% |        2598     19.60%     78.22% |        2887     21.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total        13257                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement |         601     10.08%     10.08% |          19      0.32%     10.40% |        4818     80.78%     91.18% |         526      8.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement::total         5964                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_to_L2 |       65523     22.59%     22.59% |       56768     19.57%     42.17% |       97357     33.57%     75.74% |       70364     24.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_to_L2::total       290012                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |        9097     12.70%     12.70% |        5713      7.97%     20.67% |       48046     67.06%     87.73% |        8792     12.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total        71648                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |       49145     27.68%     27.68% |       41632     23.45%     51.13% |       35811     20.17%     71.30% |       50964     28.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total       177552                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETX |        7271     25.76%     25.76% |        6886     24.39%     50.15% |        5485     19.43%     69.58% |        8587     30.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETX::total        28229                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETS |       20464     33.65%     33.65% |        9682     15.92%     49.57% |       17921     29.47%     79.04% |       12745     20.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETS::total        60812                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load    |       21313     24.04%     24.04% |        6247      7.05%     31.09% |       41757     47.10%     78.18% |       19341     21.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load::total        88658                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Ifetch  |     1034618     24.80%     24.80% |       34468      0.83%     25.62% |     2929574     70.21%     95.84% |      173638      4.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Ifetch::total      4172298                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store   |         151     47.48%     47.48% |          33     10.38%     57.86% |          77     24.21%     82.08% |          57     17.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store::total          318                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L2_Replacement |         207      4.31%      4.31% |           6      0.12%      4.43% |        4480     93.28%     97.71% |         110      2.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L2_Replacement::total         4803                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_to_L2 |       16328     43.32%     43.32% |        3390      8.99%     52.31% |       14394     38.19%     90.50% |        3580      9.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_to_L2::total        37692                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |        2328     28.99%     28.99% |        1895     23.60%     52.59% |        1336     16.64%     69.23% |        2471     30.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total         8030                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |       13980     49.72%     49.72% |         976      3.47%     53.19% |       12519     44.52%     97.71% |         645      2.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total        28120                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETX |        4470     19.80%     19.80% |        9374     41.53%     61.33% |        1338      5.93%     67.25% |        7392     32.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETX::total        22574                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETS |        5721     21.84%     21.84% |       10898     41.61%     63.46% |        1442      5.51%     68.96% |        8129     31.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETS::total        26190                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |      158020      0.11%      0.11% |      147400      0.10%      0.21% |   147745079     99.69%     99.90% |      150270      0.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total    148200769                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch  |     2388279      0.00%      0.00% |       81493      0.00%      0.00% |18446744072780771328    100.00%    100.00% |       81917      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch::total 18446744072783323136                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |        5018      1.14%      1.14% |        2410      0.55%      1.69% |      427057     97.09%     98.78% |        5367      1.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total       439852                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |         290      0.05%      0.05% |          13      0.00%      0.05% |      614159     99.93%     99.98% |         144      0.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       614606                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_to_L2 |       17736      0.86%      0.86% |        5350      0.26%      1.12% |     2036377     98.57%     99.69% |        6502      0.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_to_L2::total      2065965                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |        2867      0.21%      0.21% |        1208      0.09%      0.29% |     1385416     99.56%     99.85% |        2025      0.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total      1391516                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |        8822     21.01%     21.01% |         980      2.33%     23.34% |       31724     75.55%     98.89% |         465      1.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total        41991                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETX |         899     39.10%     39.10% |         200      8.70%     47.80% |         217      9.44%     57.24% |         983     42.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETX::total         2299                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETS |        7557     25.75%     25.75% |       10838     36.93%     62.69% |        2898      9.88%     72.56% |        8052     27.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETS::total        29345                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Merged_GETS |           3      3.90%      3.90% |          10     12.99%     16.88% |          61     79.22%     96.10% |           3      3.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Merged_GETS::total           77                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |     1465189      0.71%      0.71% |      731105      0.35%      1.06% |   204368248     98.48%     99.54% |      953922      0.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total    207518464                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |     1502166      2.60%      2.60% |      802953      1.39%      4.00% |    54309622     94.13%     98.13% |     1079345      1.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total     57694086                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L2_Replacement |         831      0.11%      0.11% |          25      0.00%      0.11% |      781775     99.81%     99.92% |         660      0.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L2_Replacement::total       783291                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_to_L2 |       39041      2.09%      2.09% |       14908      0.80%      2.89% |     1787748     95.82%     98.71% |       24018      1.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_to_L2::total      1865715                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |       22750      2.22%      2.22% |        6166      0.60%      2.83% |      984221     96.23%     99.06% |        9618      0.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total      1022755                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETX |        4832     37.73%     37.73% |        1203      9.39%     47.13% |        5200     40.61%     87.73% |        1571     12.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETX::total        12806                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETS |       14822     42.86%     42.86% |        5312     15.36%     58.22% |        8334     24.10%     82.32% |        6115     17.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETS::total        34583                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Merged_GETS |         144     31.44%     31.44% |         126     27.51%     58.95% |          66     14.41%     73.36% |         122     26.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Merged_GETS::total          458                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Load   |        9000     12.64%     12.64% |        5678      7.97%     20.61% |       47881     67.23%     87.84% |        8659     12.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Load::total        71218                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Ifetch |       49145     27.68%     27.68% |       41632     23.45%     51.13% |       35811     20.17%     71.30% |       50964     28.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Ifetch::total       177552                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Store  |          97     22.56%     22.56% |          35      8.14%     30.70% |         165     38.37%     69.07% |         133     30.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Store::total          430                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Load   |        2284     28.69%     28.69% |        1889     23.73%     52.42% |        1334     16.76%     69.17% |        2454     30.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Load::total         7961                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Ifetch |       13980     49.72%     49.72% |         976      3.47%     53.19% |       12519     44.52%     97.71% |         645      2.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Ifetch::total        28120                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Store  |          44     63.77%     63.77% |           6      8.70%     72.46% |           2      2.90%     75.36% |          17     24.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Store::total           69                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Load   |        1812      0.13%      0.13% |         824      0.06%      0.19% |     1369004     99.71%     99.90% |        1411      0.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Load::total      1373051                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Ifetch |        8822     21.01%     21.01% |         980      2.33%     23.34% |       31724     75.55%     98.89% |         465      1.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Ifetch::total        41991                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Store  |        1055      5.71%      5.71% |         384      2.08%      7.79% |       16412     88.88%     96.67% |         614      3.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Store::total        18465                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Load  |       14049      1.69%      1.69% |        2344      0.28%      1.97% |      809929     97.37%     99.34% |        5519      0.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Load::total       831841                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Store |        8701      4.56%      4.56% |        3822      2.00%      6.56% |      174292     91.29%     97.85% |        4099      2.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Store::total       190914                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Other_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Other_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |       27130      2.40%      2.40% |       13104      1.16%      3.56% |     1078764     95.34%     98.89% |       12516      1.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total      1131514                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |        3723     41.58%     41.58% |        1920     21.44%     63.02% |         999     11.16%     74.18% |        2312     25.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total         8954                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data |       10707      2.78%      2.78% |        6136      1.59%      4.37% |      361382     93.80%     98.17% |        7040      1.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data::total       385265                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Other_GETX |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Other_GETX::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        3042     24.40%     24.40% |        3641     29.21%     53.61% |        3870     31.04%     84.65% |        1913     15.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total        12466                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Data   |        5629     41.14%     41.14% |        2272     16.60%     57.74% |        2763     20.19%     77.93% |        3020     22.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Data::total        13684                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack    |         585     50.39%     50.39% |         117     10.08%     60.47% |         237     20.41%     80.88% |         222     19.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack::total         1161                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks_no_sharers |         195     50.39%     50.39% |          39     10.08%     60.47% |          79     20.41%     80.88% |          74     19.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks_no_sharers::total          387                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.Ack   |       14247     55.85%     55.85% |        1434      5.62%     61.47% |        2163      8.48%     69.95% |        7665     30.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.Ack::total        25509                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.All_acks_no_sharers |        9352     41.31%     41.31% |        4192     18.52%     59.83% |        3762     16.62%     76.45% |        5332     23.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.All_acks_no_sharers::total        22638                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load  |          75      7.12%      7.12% |         818     77.68%     84.81% |          72      6.84%     91.64% |          88      8.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load::total         1053                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store |          69     69.00%     69.00% |          17     17.00%     86.00% |           7      7.00%     93.00% |           7      7.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store::total          100                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Ack   |        5884     15.88%     15.88% |       18422     49.72%     65.59% |        4998     13.49%     79.08% |        7751     20.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Ack::total        37055                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.All_acks_no_sharers |       16706      1.50%      1.50% |       14967      1.35%      2.85% |     1063580     95.65%     98.50% |       16686      1.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.All_acks_no_sharers::total      1111939                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store |        1739     29.38%     29.38% |        1658     28.01%     57.39% |        1374     23.21%     80.60% |        1148     19.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store::total         5919                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Ack  |        3382     20.32%     20.32% |        4436     26.66%     46.98% |        3886     23.35%     70.33% |        4937     29.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Ack::total        16641                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.All_acks_no_sharers |       10776      2.80%      2.80% |        6153      1.60%      4.39% |      361389     93.78%     98.17% |        7047      1.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.All_acks_no_sharers::total       385365                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Other_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Other_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ack    |       50903      1.53%      1.53% |       23469      0.71%      2.24% |     3199081     96.30%     98.54% |       48477      1.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ack::total      3321930                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Ack |        3409      8.25%      8.25% |       14273     34.55%     42.80% |       14251     34.49%     77.29% |        9381     22.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Ack::total        41314                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |         367      2.71%      2.71% |        3741     27.64%     30.35% |        5819     43.00%     73.35% |        3607     26.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total        13534                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Data |       15425     27.51%     27.51% |       11412     20.35%     47.86% |       13399     23.90%     71.76% |       15835     28.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Data::total        56071                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data |       16775      1.51%      1.51% |       14984      1.35%      2.86% |     1063587     95.64%     98.50% |       16693      1.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data::total      1112039                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load   |          38     10.95%     10.95% |          65     18.73%     29.68% |          85     24.50%     54.18% |         159     45.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load::total          347                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ifetch |        1001     14.26%     14.26% |         949     13.51%     27.77% |        2694     38.37%     66.14% |        2378     33.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ifetch::total         7022                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store  |           1      2.27%      2.27% |           3      6.82%      9.09% |          37     84.09%     93.18% |           3      6.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store::total           44                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ack    |        5606     16.83%     16.83% |        8533     25.61%     42.44% |        9364     28.11%     70.55% |        9812     29.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ack::total        33315                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Shared_Ack |        7128     36.56%     36.56% |        1890      9.69%     46.25% |        3087     15.83%     62.08% |        7393     37.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Shared_Ack::total        19498                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks |       15772     22.68%     22.68% |       15142     21.77%     44.45% |       19207     27.62%     72.06% |       19431     27.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks::total        69552                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks_no_sharers |          20     37.74%     37.74% |          11     20.75%     58.49% |          11     20.75%     79.25% |          11     20.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks_no_sharers::total           53                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Load   |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Load::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Ifetch |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Ifetch::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Store  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Store::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack |         207      4.31%      4.31% |           6      0.12%      4.43% |        4480     93.28%     97.71% |         110      2.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack::total         4803                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        4557     99.93%     99.93% |           3      0.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load::total         4560                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Ifetch |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Ifetch::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store  |           2      0.13%      0.13% |           0      0.00%      0.13% |        1486     99.66%     99.80% |           3      0.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store::total         1491                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack |        1121      0.08%      0.08% |          38      0.00%      0.08% |     1395934     99.86%     99.94% |         804      0.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack::total      1397897                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ST.Complete_L2_to_L1 |       58242     23.37%     23.37% |       47345     19.00%     42.37% |       83857     33.65%     76.02% |       59756     23.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ST.Complete_L2_to_L1::total       249200                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |       16308     45.11%     45.11% |        2871      7.94%     53.05% |       13855     38.33%     91.38% |        3116      8.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total        36150                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |       11689      0.82%      0.82% |        2188      0.15%      0.97% |     1417140     98.86%     99.83% |        2490      0.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total      1433507                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |       22750      2.22%      2.22% |        6166      0.60%      2.83% |      984221     96.23%     99.06% |        9618      0.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total      1022755                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
