
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  4.218481                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                4218481201500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               56417460703501                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 157529                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   220887                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              295178606                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1911344                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 14291.28                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2251286330                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3156755850                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    199907904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total         199907904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0    199951168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total      199951168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0      3123561                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total            3123561                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0      3124237                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total           3124237                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     47388597                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             47388597                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     47398852                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            47398852                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0     94787449                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            94787449                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                    3123561                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                   3124237                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                  3123561                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                 3124237                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM             135734016                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ               64173888                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten              152258112                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys              199907904                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys           199951168                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ               1002717                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts               745216                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0           156658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1           137574                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2           164446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3           132952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4           184348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5           109539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6           135283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7           139921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8           103845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9           134783                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10          120153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11          115319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12          106354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13          109819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14          153718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15          116132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0           191936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1           158731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2           231299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3           137456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4           217800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5           113813                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6           149864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7           150184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8           109657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9           148818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10          128805                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11          123287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12          115394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13          116937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14          164325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15          120727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 4218481025500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6              3123561                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6             3124237                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                2116803                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   4037                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                 19137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                 19894                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                144165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                146638                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                146589                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                146484                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                146468                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                146522                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                146580                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                146607                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                146658                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                146366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                146141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                146135                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                146117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                146107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                146100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                146096                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                   166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                    39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples      2815779                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   102.278095                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    86.119298                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev    89.448582                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127      1956398     69.48%     69.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255       685185     24.33%     93.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383       118489      4.21%     98.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        31079      1.10%     99.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         9095      0.32%     99.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         4682      0.17%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2585      0.09%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1361      0.05%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         6905      0.25%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total      2815779                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples       146095                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.516944                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     3.644427                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            410      0.28%      0.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4-7           3763      2.58%      2.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8-11         15144     10.37%     13.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::12-15        61791     42.30%     55.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16-19        62447     42.74%     98.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::20-23         1098      0.75%     99.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::24-27          275      0.19%     99.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::28-31          190      0.13%     99.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::32-35          188      0.13%     99.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::36-39          174      0.12%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::40-43          203      0.14%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::44-47          179      0.12%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::48-51          110      0.08%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::52-55           52      0.04%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           26      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::60-63           19      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           16      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::68-71            5      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            4      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::76-79            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total       146095                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples       146095                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.284151                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.268672                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.734299                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16          126386     86.51%     86.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17             288      0.20%     86.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18           17295     11.84%     98.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19            1920      1.31%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20             175      0.12%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21              18      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22               9      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::23               3      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::26               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total       146095                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 43142273717                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            82908098717                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat               10604220000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    20342.03                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               39092.03                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       32.18                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       36.09                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    47.39                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    47.40                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.53                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.55                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  771548                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 912550                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                36.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               38.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    675194.85                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   37.43                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy             11868436440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy              6475833375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             9139143000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy            8825397120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        275860743600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        874448833770                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        1767060486750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          2953678874055                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           699.338121                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2933659243754                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF 140864360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 1143957638746                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy              9567641160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy              5220439125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             7562302800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy            6722164080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        275860743600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        839480018625                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        1797734886000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          2942148195390                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           696.608019                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2984963904001                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF 140864360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 1092652974249                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    492976448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total         492976448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1    493019136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total      493019136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1      7702757                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            7702757                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1      7703424                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total           7703424                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    116861122                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            116861122                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    116871242                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           116871242                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    233732364                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           233732364                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                    7702757                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                   7703424                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                  7702757                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                 7703424                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM             142675200                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ              350301248                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten              164565824                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys              492976448                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys           493019136                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ               5473457                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts              5132084                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0           198576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1           160776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2           166252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3           125324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4           167294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5           111736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6           137007                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7           147699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8           109355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9           144056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10          115958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11          119314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12          113094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13          137707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14          152328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15          122824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0           216489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1           197961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2           247515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3           129845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4           240945                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5           115577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6           150499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7           159353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8           114779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9           181464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10          122690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11          129615                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12          120488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13          150815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14          163145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15          130161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 4218481316000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6              7702757                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6             7703424                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                2225161                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   4135                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                 20540                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                 21231                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                156091                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                158391                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                158452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                158333                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                158351                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                158445                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                158495                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                158527                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                158461                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                158158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                157963                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                157964                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                157960                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                157940                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                157934                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                157929                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                   149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                    22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples      2968214                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   103.510337                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    87.250819                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev    88.823144                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127      2013835     67.85%     67.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255       764704     25.76%     93.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383       132557      4.47%     98.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        32112      1.08%     99.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         9113      0.31%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         4927      0.17%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2608      0.09%     99.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1362      0.05%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         6996      0.24%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total      2968214                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples       157929                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.115837                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     3.726512                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            793      0.50%      0.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4-7           4184      2.65%      3.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8-11         23714     15.02%     18.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::12-15        65806     41.67%     59.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16-19        61388     38.87%     98.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          709      0.45%     99.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::24-27          205      0.13%     99.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::28-31          185      0.12%     99.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::32-35          160      0.10%     99.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::36-39          197      0.12%     99.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::40-43          170      0.11%     99.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::44-47          172      0.11%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::48-51          106      0.07%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::52-55           64      0.04%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           28      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::60-63           22      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           15      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::68-71            7      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            3      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total       157929                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples       157929                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.281627                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.266313                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.730032                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16          136810     86.63%     86.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17             307      0.19%     86.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18           18423     11.67%     98.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19            2264      1.43%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20             105      0.07%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21              11      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22               6      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::23               3      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total       157929                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 45551199711                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            87350574711                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat               11146500000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    20432.96                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               39182.96                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       33.82                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       39.01                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   116.86                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   116.87                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.57                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.97                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  833078                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 999348                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                37.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               38.86                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    273817.46                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   38.17                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy             12331184040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy              6728324625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             9558783000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy            9518128560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        275860743600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        928568707560                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        1719586913250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          2962152784635                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           701.344476                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2854380766751                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF 140864360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 1223236044249                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy             10253522160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy              5594679750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             7986576000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy            7273864800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        275860743600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        868376769975                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        1772386858500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          2947733014785                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           697.930328                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2942623184252                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF 140864360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 1134993698248                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      8433717850                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    4356218                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                      9198544                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              9014304                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1814                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     254538                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       653668                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     9014304                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         1814                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           18263431                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           7431938                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                3048                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes               1440                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             5217089                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes            2862782                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      2139148                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    1326876                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    812272                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              8399597022.695901                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              34120827.304099                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.004046                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.995954                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           984463                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass               137473      1.49%      1.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  6860057     74.58%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                   15228      0.17%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    45362      0.49%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                   1368      0.01%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 1326876     14.42%     91.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 812272      8.83%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                   9198636                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      8436595638                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    2993117                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                      6433476                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses              6293996                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                   154                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     178437                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       449045                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                     6293996                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                          154                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           12802713                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           5216928                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                 258                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                126                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads             3571579                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes            1896879                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      1545239                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                     960903                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                    584336                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              8409759589.648329                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              26836048.351671                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.003181                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.996819                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                           685133                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               116448      1.81%      1.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  4714633     73.28%     75.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   16172      0.25%     75.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                    40887      0.64%     75.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                    120      0.00%     75.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     75.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                  960903     14.94%     90.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                 584336      9.08%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                   6433499                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      8438344593                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                 2239529291                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                   3132038599                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses           1365081714                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses            2127680264                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                    4838785                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts    125349826                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                  1365081714                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                   2127680264                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads         2745674857                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes         828546130                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads          4601234004                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes         2077617833                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads           735958896                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes          430176239                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                    408354674                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                  353626356                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                  54728318                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              7110876.750472                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              8431233716.249528                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.999157                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.000843                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                        163318084                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass              2283051      0.07%      0.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu               1676734856     53.53%     53.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   79677      0.00%     53.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    99352      0.00%     53.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd             1044495651     33.35%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead               353626356     11.29%     98.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite               54728318      1.75%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                3132047261                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      8434109988                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    2999332                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      6478563                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              6334971                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     178722                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       455079                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     6334971                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           12878682                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           5261455                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             3646932                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            1913785                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      1540356                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                     957653                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    582703                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              8402268228.879174                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              31841759.120825                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.003775                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.996225                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                           692185                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass               122775      1.90%      1.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  4758044     73.44%     75.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   13053      0.20%     75.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    44338      0.68%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                  957653     14.78%     91.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 582703      8.99%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   6478566                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  210                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 210                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                4376                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               4376                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq                24                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp               24                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           28                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           34                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2140                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2212                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2154                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           44                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2148                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2260                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           28                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          404                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2132                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2566                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    9220                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           56                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           64                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4290                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           26                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           24                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           22                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4388                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           56                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          202                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4526                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    17636                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                83000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                77994                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy              289500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             2389497                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             2628999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             2955944                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             2519000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy               18998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1656000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             1617000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             1698500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             1971000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            1                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes         4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           24                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes        98304                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           24                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  2                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  19                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               23219323                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.002317                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 0.156600                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    23212514     99.97%     99.97% |         775      0.00%     99.97% |         776      0.00%     99.98% |        1819      0.01%     99.99% |        2211      0.01%     99.99% |          40      0.00%     99.99% |          13      0.00%     99.99% |          40      0.00%    100.00% |         506      0.00%    100.00% |         629      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 23219323                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   3807296598                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000226                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  3807296403    100.00%    100.00% |         195      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   3807296598                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     3807296598                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.238252                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.012788                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         5.661304                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  3806316960     99.97%     99.97% |      646207      0.02%     99.99% |      245511      0.01%    100.00% |       41435      0.00%    100.00% |       34932      0.00%    100.00% |        9274      0.00%    100.00% |         886      0.00%    100.00% |        1315      0.00%    100.00% |          78      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       3807296598                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   3795686881                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  3795686881    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   3795686881                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     11609717                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    79.132610                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    64.526506                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    66.517099                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |    10630079     91.56%     91.56% |      646207      5.57%     97.13% |      245511      2.11%     99.24% |       41435      0.36%     99.60% |       34932      0.30%     99.90% |        9274      0.08%     99.98% |         886      0.01%     99.99% |        1315      0.01%    100.00% |          78      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     11609717                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.incomplete_times_seqr       783479                      
system.ruby.Directory.incomplete_times_seqr     10826238                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_hits      7600897                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_misses       311736                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_accesses      7912633                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_hits      5252998                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_misses       276676                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_accesses      5529674                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_hits   3777588630                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_misses     10742472                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_accesses   3788331102                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_hits      5244356                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_misses       278833                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_accesses      5523189                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers0.percent_links_utilized     0.018489                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Control::2       311736                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Data::2        72481                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       551484                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       312230                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Control::2      2493888                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Data::2      5218632                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     39706848                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2497840                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.percent_links_utilized     0.016387                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Control::2       276676                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Data::2        39562                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       513465                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       276351                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Control::2      2213408                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Data::2      2848464                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     36969480                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2210808                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.percent_links_utilized     0.636620                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Control::2     10742472                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Data::2     10673206                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Data::4     10811343                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3     10742078                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Control::2     85939776                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Data::2    768470832                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    778416696                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     85936624                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.percent_links_utilized     0.016528                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Control::2       278833                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Data::2        40876                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Data::4       516904                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       278947                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Control::2      2230664                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Data::2      2943072                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     37217088                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2231576                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.percent_links_utilized     0.187313                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Control::2      3494662                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Data::2      3123469                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::1           42                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::4      3123521                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          810                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          768                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      3494612                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Control::2     27957296                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Data::2    224889768                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         3024                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    224893512                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6480                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6144                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     27956896                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.percent_links_utilized     0.458934                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Control::2      8115055                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Data::2      7702656                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::1           40                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::4      7702717                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          808                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          768                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      8114994                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Control::2     64920440                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Data::2    554591232                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    554595624                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6464                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6144                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     64919952                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.percent_links_utilized     0.000012                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Response_Data::1           82                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1618                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1536                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         5904                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        12944                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        12288                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.percent_links_utilized     0.166785                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Control::2     11609717                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Data::2     10826125                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Response_Data::1           82                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Response_Data::4     11609717                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1618                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1536                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3     11609606                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Control::2     92877736                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Data::2    779481000                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         5904                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    835899624                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        12944                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        12288                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     92876848                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        34829151                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Data           32478375                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     34829397                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     34838280                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control        278633208                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Data          2338443000                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   2507716584                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    278706240                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.link_utilization     0.018477                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       311736                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       312230                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     22444992                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2497840                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.link_utilization     0.018501                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2       311736                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2        72481                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       239748                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2      2493888                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2      5218632                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     17261856                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.link_utilization     0.016395                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       276676                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       276351                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     19920672                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2210808                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.link_utilization     0.016379                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2       276676                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2        39562                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       236789                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2      2213408                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2      2848464                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     17048808                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.link_utilization     0.636629                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4     10742472                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3     10742078                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    773457984                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     85936624                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.link_utilization     0.636610                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2     10742472                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2     10673206                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        68871                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2     85939776                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2    768470832                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      4958712                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.link_utilization     0.016525                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       278833                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       278947                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     20075976                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2231576                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.link_utilization     0.016531                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2       278833                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2        40876                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       238071                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2      2230664                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2      2943072                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     17141112                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.link_utilization     0.187311                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2      3494662                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2      3123469                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          810                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2     27957296                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2    224889768                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6480                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.link_utilization     0.187315                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1           42                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      3123521                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          768                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      3494612                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         3024                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    224893512                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6144                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     27956896                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.link_utilization     0.458932                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2      8115055                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2      7702656                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          808                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2     64920440                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2    554591232                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6464                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.link_utilization     0.458936                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1           40                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      7702717                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          768                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      8114994                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    554595624                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6144                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     64919952                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000013                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1           82                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1536                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         5904                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        12288                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000010                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1618                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        12944                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.link_utilization     0.018477                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       311736                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       312230                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     22444992                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2497840                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.link_utilization     0.016395                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       276676                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       276351                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     19920672                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2210808                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.link_utilization     0.636629                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::4     10742472                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3     10742078                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    773457984                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     85936624                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.link_utilization     0.016525                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::4       278833                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       278947                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     20075976                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2231576                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.link_utilization     0.187311                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Control::2      3494662                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Data::2      3123469                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          810                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::2     27957296                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Data::2    224889768                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6480                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.link_utilization     0.458932                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Control::2      8115055                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Data::2      7702656                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          808                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::2     64920440                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::2    554591232                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6464                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.link_utilization     0.000013                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1           82                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1536                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         5904                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        12288                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle7.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples      11609717                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.000739                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.072232                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |    11608420     99.99%     99.99% |          86      0.00%     99.99% |          60      0.00%     99.99% |         537      0.00%     99.99% |         596      0.01%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total        11609717                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples      11609606                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.003894                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.209344                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |    11604094     99.95%     99.95% |         689      0.01%     99.96% |         716      0.01%     99.96% |        1282      0.01%     99.98% |        1615      0.01%     99.99% |          22      0.00%     99.99% |          13      0.00%     99.99% |          40      0.00%     99.99% |         506      0.00%     99.99% |         629      0.01%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total        11609606                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    362973434                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       2.835712                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.096731                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     16.124285                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   362179498     99.78%     99.78% |      525534      0.14%     99.93% |      196602      0.05%     99.98% |       35217      0.01%     99.99% |       27613      0.01%    100.00% |        7109      0.00%    100.00% |         716      0.00%    100.00% |        1077      0.00%    100.00% |          68      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     362973434                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    355048861                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   355048861    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    355048861                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      7924573                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    85.082100                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    68.662336                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    70.662078                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     7130637     89.98%     89.98% |      525534      6.63%     96.61% |      196602      2.48%     99.09% |       35217      0.44%     99.54% |       27613      0.35%     99.89% |        7109      0.09%     99.98% |         716      0.01%     99.99% |        1077      0.01%    100.00% |          68      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      7924573                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     56541050                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       2.314158                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.052475                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     14.831785                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    56442236     99.83%     99.83% |       58507      0.10%     99.93% |       31118      0.06%     99.98% |        3462      0.01%     99.99% |        4150      0.01%    100.00% |        1289      0.00%    100.00% |         120      0.00%    100.00% |         160      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      56541050                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     55922969                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    55922969    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     55922969                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       618081                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   121.217018                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   107.618281                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    76.350800                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      519267     84.01%     84.01% |       58507      9.47%     93.48% |       31118      5.03%     98.51% |        3462      0.56%     99.07% |        4150      0.67%     99.74% |        1289      0.21%     99.95% |         120      0.02%     99.97% |         160      0.03%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       618081                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   3387012639                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.047989                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.003498                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.989928                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  3386933704    100.00%    100.00% |       56140      0.00%    100.00% |       16418      0.00%    100.00% |        2490      0.00%    100.00% |        2945      0.00%    100.00% |         824      0.00%    100.00% |          43      0.00%    100.00% |          73      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   3387012639                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   3383976250                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  3383976250    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   3383976250                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3036389                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    54.530712                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    49.159518                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    39.422075                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |     2957454     97.40%     97.40% |       56140      1.85%     99.25% |       16418      0.54%     99.79% |        2490      0.08%     99.87% |        2945      0.10%     99.97% |         824      0.03%    100.00% |          43      0.00%    100.00% |          73      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      3036389                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       449415                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     6.842624                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.231850                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    32.073607                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |      443682     98.72%     98.72% |        4370      0.97%     99.70% |         972      0.22%     99.91% |         179      0.04%     99.95% |         158      0.04%     99.99% |          44      0.01%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       449415                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       429879                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      429879    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       429879                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        19536                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   135.406378                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   121.125139                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    79.909583                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       13803     70.65%     70.65% |        4370     22.37%     93.02% |         972      4.98%     98.00% |         179      0.92%     98.91% |         158      0.81%     99.72% |          44      0.23%     99.95% |           5      0.03%     99.97% |           5      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        19536                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       160030                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     9.205105                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.380109                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    35.702919                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      157810     98.61%     98.61% |        1656      1.03%     99.65% |         401      0.25%     99.90% |          87      0.05%     99.95% |          66      0.04%     99.99% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       160030                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       148892                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      148892    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       148892                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        11138                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   118.890375                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   102.391787                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    73.377851                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        8918     80.07%     80.07% |        1656     14.87%     94.94% |         401      3.60%     98.54% |          87      0.78%     99.32% |          66      0.59%     99.91% |           8      0.07%     99.98% |           2      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        11138                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       160030                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      160030    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       160030                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       160030                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      160030    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       160030                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       783479                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    45.962483                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.930708                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.770636                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      783463    100.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       783479                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     10826238                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    81.533083                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    66.133618                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    68.257656                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     9846605     90.95%     90.95% |      646203      5.97%     96.92% |      245510      2.27%     99.19% |       41435      0.38%     99.57% |       34932      0.32%     99.89% |        9274      0.09%     99.98% |         886      0.01%     99.99% |        1315      0.01%    100.00% |          78      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     10826238                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       134154                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.163633                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.128083                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.845266                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       95374     71.09%     71.09% |       38778     28.91%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       134154                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      7790419                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    85.752291                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    69.134281                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    71.081097                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     6996483     89.81%     89.81% |      525534      6.75%     96.55% |      196602      2.52%     99.08% |       35217      0.45%     99.53% |       27613      0.35%     99.88% |        7109      0.09%     99.98% |         716      0.01%     99.99% |        1077      0.01%    100.00% |          68      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      7790419                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         2410                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    47.235270                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    47.192872                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.995387                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1067     44.27%     44.27% |        1343     55.73%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         2410                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       615671                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   121.506615                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   107.966110                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    76.359277                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      516857     83.95%     83.95% |       58507      9.50%     93.45% |       31118      5.05%     98.51% |        3462      0.56%     99.07% |        4150      0.67%     99.74% |        1289      0.21%     99.95% |         120      0.02%     99.97% |         160      0.03%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       615671                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       644470                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    45.918356                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.887520                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.750815                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      644456    100.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       644470                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2391919                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    56.851194                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    50.080341                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    44.120697                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     2312989     96.70%     96.70% |       56136      2.35%     99.05% |       16417      0.69%     99.73% |        2490      0.10%     99.84% |        2945      0.12%     99.96% |         824      0.03%    100.00% |          43      0.00%    100.00% |          73      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      2391919                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1090                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    45.061468                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.058636                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.523885                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1075     98.62%     98.62% |          15      1.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         1090                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        18446                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   140.744985                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   128.413730                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    79.069791                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       12713     68.92%     68.92% |        4370     23.69%     92.61% |         972      5.27%     97.88% |         179      0.97%     98.85% |         158      0.86%     99.71% |          44      0.24%     99.95% |           5      0.03%     99.97% |           5      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        18446                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1355                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    45.495941                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.477706                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.316503                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1188     87.68%     87.68% |         167     12.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         1355                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         9783                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   129.055913                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   114.573375                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    72.666245                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        7563     77.31%     77.31% |        1656     16.93%     94.23% |         401      4.10%     98.33% |          87      0.89%     99.22% |          66      0.67%     99.90% |           8      0.08%     99.98% |           2      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         9783                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |     3494737     30.10%     30.10% |     8115122     69.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total     11609859                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX    |     3123469     28.85%     28.85% |     7702656     71.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX::total     10826125                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          42     51.22%     51.22% |          40     48.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           82                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |         768     50.00%     50.00% |         768     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         1536                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |     3123561     28.85%     28.85% |     7702757     71.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total     10826318                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |     3124237     28.85%     28.85% |     7703424     71.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total     10827661                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX  |     3123521     28.85%     28.85% |     7702717     71.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX::total     10826238                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          40     50.00%     50.00% |          40     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           80                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |         768     50.00%     50.00% |         768     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total         1536                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.GETX  |      371141     47.37%     47.37% |      412338     52.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.GETX::total       783479                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX  |     3123467     28.85%     28.85% |     7702656     71.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX::total     10826123                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.PUTX |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.PUTX::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.GETX |          75     53.57%     53.57% |          65     46.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.GETX::total          140                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |     3123521     28.85%     28.85% |     7702717     71.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total     10826238                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |     3123467     28.85%     28.85% |     7702656     71.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total     10826123                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          40     50.00%     50.00% |          40     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           80                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |         768     50.00%     50.00% |         768     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total         1536                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        1536    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         1536                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |        1536    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total            1536                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        1536    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         1536                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |        1536    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total         1536                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     1223972      0.34%      0.34% |      891858      0.25%      0.58% |   359969118     99.17%     99.76% |      888486      0.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    362973434                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     5772169      0.00%      0.00% |     3984850      0.00%      0.00% |18446744072787855360    100.00%    100.00% |     3983951      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total 18446744072801595392                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |      916492      1.60%      1.60% |      652966      1.14%      2.74% |    55090315     96.13%     98.86% |      650752      1.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     57310525                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |      311736      2.69%      2.69% |      276676      2.38%      5.07% |    10742472     92.53%     97.60% |      278833      2.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total     11609717                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |      239748     30.60%     30.60% |      236789     30.22%     60.82% |       68871      8.79%     69.61% |      238071     30.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total       783479                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Replacement |      100855      0.92%      0.92% |       61320      0.56%      1.48% |    10724654     97.95%     99.43% |       62809      0.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Replacement::total     10949638                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |       72481      0.67%      0.67% |       39562      0.37%      1.03% |    10673206     98.59%     99.62% |       40876      0.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total     10826125                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       70555      0.89%      0.89% |       59508      0.75%      1.64% |     7733258     97.59%     99.23% |       61252      0.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total      7924573                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |      227135      7.48%      7.48% |      212743      7.01%     14.49% |     2383002     78.48%     92.97% |      213509      7.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total      3036389                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |       14046      2.17%      2.17% |        4425      0.68%      2.85% |      626212     96.53%     99.37% |        4072      0.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total       648755                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Replacement |       28375     22.97%     22.97% |       21758     17.62%     40.59% |       51449     41.65%     82.24% |       21933     17.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Replacement::total       123515                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     1153417      0.32%      0.32% |      832350      0.23%      0.56% |   352235860     99.21%     99.77% |      827234      0.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total    355048861                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch  |     5545034      0.00%      0.00% |     3772107      0.00%      0.00% |18446744072785473536    100.00%    100.00% |     3770442      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch::total 18446744072798560256                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |      902446      1.59%      1.59% |      648541      1.14%      2.74% |    54464103     96.12%     98.86% |      646680      1.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     56661770                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |      239748     30.60%     30.60% |      236789     30.22%     60.82% |       68871      8.79%     69.61% |      238071     30.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total       783479                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Replacement |       72480      0.67%      0.67% |       39562      0.37%      1.03% |    10673205     98.59%     99.62% |       40876      0.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Replacement::total     10826123                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Inv    |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Inv::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack |       72481      0.67%      0.67% |       39562      0.37%      1.03% |    10673206     98.59%     99.62% |       40876      0.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack::total     10826125                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |      297690      2.72%      2.72% |      272251      2.48%      5.20% |    10116260     92.29%     97.49% |      274761      2.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total     10960962                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |       14046      2.17%      2.17% |        4425      0.68%      2.85% |      626212     96.53%     99.37% |        4072      0.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total       648755                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  4.241254                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                4241253718500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               56440233220501                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 157291                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   220831                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              295185235                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2155056                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 14368.11                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2259980023                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3172930992                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    205691456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total         205691456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0    205742976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total      205742976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0      3213929                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total            3213929                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0      3214734                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total           3214734                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     48497796                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             48497796                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     48509943                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            48509943                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0     97007739                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            97007739                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                    3213929                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                   3214734                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                  3213929                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                 3214734                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM             141101184                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ               64590272                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten              157936320                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys              205691456                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys           205742976                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ               1009223                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts               746990                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0           162684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1           141935                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2           171271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3           137477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4           188873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5           113220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6           140347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7           145378                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8           110050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9           140265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10          127101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11          120102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12          111127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13          114474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14          159370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15          121032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0           198573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1           163491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2           238772                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3           142270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4           222607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5           117533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6           155156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7           155913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8           116199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9           154428                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10          136216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11          128444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12          120353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13          121654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14          170345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15          125801                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 4241253629000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6              3213929                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6             3214734                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                2195959                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   8583                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                    164                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                 19645                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                 20454                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                149006                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                152122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                152128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                152037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                152015                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                152071                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                152124                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                152160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                152208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                151883                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                151675                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                151642                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                151615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                151584                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                151571                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                151567                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                   181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                    44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples      2910075                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   102.759534                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    86.326061                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev    90.506484                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127      2018009     69.35%     69.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255       708702     24.35%     93.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383       123692      4.25%     97.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        33018      1.13%     99.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         9954      0.34%     99.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         5100      0.18%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2859      0.10%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1538      0.05%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         7203      0.25%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total      2910075                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples       151565                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.546327                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     3.635906                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            429      0.28%      0.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4-7           3852      2.54%      2.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8-11         15508     10.23%     13.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::12-15        63871     42.14%     55.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16-19        65025     42.90%     98.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::20-23         1343      0.89%     98.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::24-27          333      0.22%     99.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::28-31          211      0.14%     99.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::32-35          197      0.13%     99.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::36-39          179      0.12%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::40-43          204      0.13%     99.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::44-47          179      0.12%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::48-51          110      0.07%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::52-55           53      0.03%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           26      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::60-63           19      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           16      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::68-71            5      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            4      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::76-79            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total       151565                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples       151565                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.281826                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.266427                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.732510                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16          131305     86.63%     86.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17             310      0.20%     86.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18           17720     11.69%     98.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19            2011      1.33%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20             183      0.12%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21              23      0.02%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22               9      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::23               3      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::26               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total       151565                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 44828139598                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            86166377098                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat               11023530000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    20332.93                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               39082.93                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       33.27                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       37.24                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    48.50                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    48.51                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.55                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  812405                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 949982                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                36.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               38.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    659741.17                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   37.72                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy             12214487880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy              6664651125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             9454793400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy            9105534000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        277348281600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        886769894205                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        1769917407750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          2971475049960                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           699.778245                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2938339874756                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF 141624860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 1161291581244                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy              9934459920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy              5420588250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             7900815000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy            7016945760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        277348281600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        851890641165                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        1800513243750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          2960024975445                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           697.081768                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2989513671751                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF 141624860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 1110117100749                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    498516032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total         498516032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1    498568128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total      498568128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1      7789313                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            7789313                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1      7790127                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total           7790127                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    117539781                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            117539781                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    117552064                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           117552064                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    235091845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           235091845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                    7789313                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                   7790127                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                  7789313                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                 7790127                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM             147913792                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ              350602240                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten              170048512                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys              498516032                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys           498568128                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ               5478160                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts              5133117                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0           204550                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1           164888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2           172806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3           129824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4           171707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5           115391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6           141924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7           153132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8           115219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9           149452                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10          122937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11          123875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12          117812                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13          142245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14          157756                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15          127635                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0           222904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1           202251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2           254356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3           134557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4           245670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5           119325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6           155616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7           165004                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8           120933                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9           187015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10          130101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11          134422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12          125374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13          155450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14          168843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15          135187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 4241253830000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6              7789313                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6             7790127                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                2302391                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   8629                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                    133                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                 21024                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                 21755                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                160848                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                163682                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                163794                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                163685                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                163697                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                163814                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                163848                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                163881                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                163794                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                163495                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                163284                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                163287                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                163262                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                163236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                163219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                163214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                   163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                    23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples      3057937                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   103.979372                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    87.436130                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev    89.967372                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127      2071909     67.76%     67.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255       787120     25.74%     93.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383       137722      4.50%     98.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        34037      1.11%     99.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639        10043      0.33%     99.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         5374      0.18%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2883      0.09%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1519      0.05%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         7330      0.24%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total      3057937                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples       163213                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.160336                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     3.724591                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            814      0.50%      0.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4-7           4278      2.62%      3.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8-11         24021     14.72%     17.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::12-15        67689     41.47%     59.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16-19        64001     39.21%     98.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          966      0.59%     99.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::24-27          273      0.17%     99.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::28-31          209      0.13%     99.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::32-35          168      0.10%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::36-39          201      0.12%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::40-43          173      0.11%     99.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::44-47          174      0.11%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::48-51          106      0.06%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::52-55           64      0.04%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           28      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::60-63           22      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           15      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::68-71            7      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            3      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total       163213                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples       163213                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.279390                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.264166                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.727925                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16          141567     86.74%     86.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17             328      0.20%     86.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18           18854     11.55%     98.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19            2326      1.43%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20             116      0.07%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21              13      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22               6      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::23               3      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total       163213                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 47166000353                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            90500119103                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat               11555765000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    20408.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               39158.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       34.88                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       40.09                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   117.54                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   117.55                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.59                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.97                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  873605                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                1036620                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                37.80                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               39.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    272234.04                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   38.45                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy             12660868080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy              6908211750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             9867374400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy            9787042080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        277348281600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        940797563940                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        1722524715000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          2979894056850                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           701.760909                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2859195929752                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF 141624860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 1240435020248                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy             10602151560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy              5784904125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             8316477000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy            7560073440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        277348281600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        880744164570                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        1775203135500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          2965559187795                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           698.385067                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2947236609502                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF 141624860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 1152394554248                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      8482507478                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    7038850                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     14030575                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             13786196                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  7207                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     354110                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      1002409                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    13786196                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         7207                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           27877189                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          11334189                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads               11825                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes               5668                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             7891919                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes            4734816                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      3210836                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    1988726                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   1222110                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              8431157445.749813                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              51350032.250187                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.006054                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.993946                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          1466123                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass               155216      1.11%      1.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 10590545     75.48%     76.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                   21611      0.15%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    47381      0.34%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                   5301      0.04%     77.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 1988726     14.17%     91.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                1222110      8.71%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  14030890                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      8479480358                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    3699143                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                      7784838                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses              7606805                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                  7670                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     213065                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       539649                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                     7606805                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                         7670                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           15512433                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           6274126                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads               12678                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes               6158                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads             4203441                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes            2317910                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      1875844                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    1166441                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                    709403                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              8446488703.651091                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              32991654.348910                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.003891                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.996109                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                           823308                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               125626      1.61%      1.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  5719249     73.47%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   17052      0.22%     75.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                    41331      0.53%     75.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                   5880      0.08%     75.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     75.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 1166441     14.98%     90.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                 709403      9.11%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                   7784982                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      8480910515                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                 2242776166                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                   3138158906                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses           1371126609                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses            2127696799                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                    4958150                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts    125832537                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                  1371126609                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                   2127696799                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads         2757628021                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes         833388781                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads          4601260665                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes         2077630858                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads           739188395                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes          432332435                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                    409696112                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                  354415263                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                  55280849                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              30141613.455062                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              8450768901.544938                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.996446                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.003554                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                        163993106                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass              2305615      0.07%      0.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu               1681471611     53.58%     53.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   83207      0.00%     53.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                   103399      0.00%     53.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd             1044507891     33.28%     86.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     86.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                     80      0.00%     86.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     86.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     86.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     86.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     86.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     86.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     86.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     86.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     86.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     86.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     86.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     86.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     86.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     86.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     86.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     86.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     86.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     86.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     86.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     86.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     86.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     86.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     86.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     86.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead               354415263     11.29%     98.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite               55280849      1.76%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                3138167915                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      8482749060                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    5057492                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     10350005                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             10141350                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                 21169                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     260369                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       743891                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    10141350                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                        21169                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           20686676                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           8253996                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads               33767                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes              16439                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             5623389                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            3024613                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      2515592                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    1520054                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    995538                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              8436276259.272696                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              46472800.727304                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.005479                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.994521                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                          1104013                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass               141968      1.37%      1.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  7616953     73.59%     74.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   14756      0.14%     75.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    45115      0.44%     75.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                  15722      0.15%     75.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                     16      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 1520054     14.69%     90.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 995538      9.62%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  10350122                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 4670                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                4670                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                7123                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               7123                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               543                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              543                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          256                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          254                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          254                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          256                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         1020                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           34                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          968                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         2046                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2424                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5482                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          958                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         2264                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2402                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5642                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          126                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          922                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         4044                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2470                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         7594                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1016                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1436                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2452                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4934                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   24672                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          508                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          508                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         2040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1023                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         7847                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1916                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1132                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4804                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         7870                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           72                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1844                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         2022                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4940                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         8942                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         2032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          718                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         7696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    34395                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy               166500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy              3116979                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             6109000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             2948994                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             3204496                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             3556931                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             3116489                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              757496                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             4361000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             4512500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             6186500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             3874000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            1                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes         4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           26                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes       106496                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           26                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  4                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  39                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               47019742                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.003690                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 0.187551                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    46998752     99.96%     99.96% |        9402      0.02%     99.98% |        8776      0.02%     99.99% |         330      0.00%     99.99% |        2481      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 47019742                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   7629836524                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000378                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  7629835435    100.00%    100.00% |        1089      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   7629836524                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     7629836524                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.241511                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.012932                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         5.706456                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  7627827550     99.97%     99.97% |     1329607      0.02%     99.99% |      500279      0.01%    100.00% |       84341      0.00%    100.00% |       71165      0.00%    100.00% |       18922      0.00%    100.00% |        1821      0.00%    100.00% |        2680      0.00%    100.00% |         159      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       7629836524                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   7606326620                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  7606326620    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   7606326620                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     23509904                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    79.379278                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    64.720009                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    66.661285                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |    21500930     91.45%     91.45% |     1329607      5.66%     97.11% |      500279      2.13%     99.24% |       84341      0.36%     99.60% |       71165      0.30%     99.90% |       18922      0.08%     99.98% |        1821      0.01%     99.99% |        2680      0.01%    100.00% |         159      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     23509904                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.incomplete_times_seqr      1680504                      
system.ruby.Directory.incomplete_times_seqr     21829400                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_hits     12128577                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_misses       389822                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_accesses     12518399                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_hits      6455407                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_misses       319132                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_accesses      6774539                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_hits   3783124486                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_misses     10837795                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_accesses   3793962281                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles             2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_hits      8931269                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_misses       353438                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_accesses      9284707                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers0.percent_links_utilized     0.022978                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Control::2       389822                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Data::2       119643                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       660004                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       389826                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Control::2      3118576                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Data::2      8614296                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     47520288                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      3118608                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.percent_links_utilized     0.018810                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Control::2       319132                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Data::2        55068                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       583169                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       319105                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Control::2      2553056                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Data::2      3964896                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     41988168                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2552840                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.percent_links_utilized     0.638835                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Control::2     10837795                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Data::2     10749349                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Data::4     10926328                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3     10837885                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Control::2     86702360                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Data::2    773953128                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    786695616                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     86703080                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.percent_links_utilized     0.020833                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Control::2       353438                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Data::2        79143                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Data::4       627711                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       353416                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Control::2      2827504                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Data::2      5698296                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     45195192                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2827328                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.percent_links_utilized     0.192012                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Control::2      3648664                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Data::2      3213903                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::1           44                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::4      3213889                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          876                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          832                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      3648682                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Control::2     29189312                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Data::2    231401016                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         3168                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    231400008                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         7008                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6656                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     29189456                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.percent_links_utilized     0.461869                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Control::2      8251523                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Data::2      7789300                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::1           40                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::4      7789273                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          872                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          832                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      8251550                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Control::2     66012184                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Data::2    560829600                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    560827656                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6976                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6656                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     66012400                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.percent_links_utilized     0.000012                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Response_Data::1           84                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1748                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1664                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         6048                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        13984                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        13312                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.percent_links_utilized     0.169419                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Control::2     11900187                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Data::2     11003203                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Response_Data::1           84                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Response_Data::4     11900187                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1748                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1664                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3     11900232                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Control::2     95201496                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Data::2    792230616                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         6048                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    856813464                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        13984                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        13312                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     95201856                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        35700561                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Data           33009609                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     35700813                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     35710932                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control        285604488                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Data          2376691848                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   2570458536                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    285687456                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.link_utilization     0.022978                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       389822                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       389826                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     28067184                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      3118608                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.link_utilization     0.022978                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2       389822                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2       119643                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       270182                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2      3118576                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2      8614296                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     19453104                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.link_utilization     0.018811                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       319132                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       319105                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     22977504                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2552840                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.link_utilization     0.018810                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2       319132                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2        55068                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       264037                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2      2553056                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2      3964896                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     19010664                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.link_utilization     0.638833                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4     10837795                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3     10837885                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    780321240                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     86703080                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.link_utilization     0.638837                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2     10837795                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2     10749349                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        88533                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2     86702360                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2    773953128                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      6374376                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.link_utilization     0.020833                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       353438                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       353416                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     25447536                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2827328                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.link_utilization     0.020832                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2       353438                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2        79143                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       274273                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2      2827504                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2      5698296                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     19747656                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.link_utilization     0.192011                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2      3648664                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2      3213903                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          876                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2     29189312                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2    231401016                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         7008                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.link_utilization     0.192012                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1           44                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      3213889                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          832                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      3648682                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         3168                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    231400008                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6656                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     29189456                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.link_utilization     0.461869                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2      8251523                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2      7789300                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          872                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2     66012184                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2    560829600                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6976                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.link_utilization     0.461869                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1           40                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      7789273                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          832                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      8251550                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    560827656                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6656                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     66012400                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000014                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1           84                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1664                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         6048                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        13312                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000010                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1748                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        13984                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.link_utilization     0.022978                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       389822                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       389826                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     28067184                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      3118608                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.link_utilization     0.018811                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       319132                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       319105                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     22977504                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2552840                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.link_utilization     0.638833                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::4     10837795                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3     10837885                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    780321240                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     86703080                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.link_utilization     0.020833                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::4       353438                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       353416                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     25447536                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2827328                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.link_utilization     0.192011                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Control::2      3648664                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Data::2      3213903                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          876                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::2     29189312                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Data::2    231401016                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         7008                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.link_utilization     0.461869                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Control::2      8251523                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Data::2      7789300                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          872                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::2     66012184                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::2    560829600                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6976                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.link_utilization     0.000014                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1           84                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1664                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         6048                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        13312                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle7.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples      23509904                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.000860                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.077125                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |    23506727     99.99%     99.99% |         284      0.00%     99.99% |         281      0.00%     99.99% |        1224      0.01%     99.99% |        1351      0.01%    100.00% |          37      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total        23509904                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples      23509838                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.006521                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.253745                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |    23491741     99.92%     99.92% |        7897      0.03%     99.96% |        7388      0.03%     99.99% |         330      0.00%     99.99% |        2481      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total        23509838                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    728062199                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       2.845705                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.097108                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     16.179464                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   726451212     99.78%     99.78% |     1068747      0.15%     99.93% |      397202      0.05%     99.98% |       71123      0.01%     99.99% |       55773      0.01%    100.00% |       14380      0.00%    100.00% |        1450      0.00%    100.00% |        2175      0.00%    100.00% |         137      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     728062199                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    712115899                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   712115899    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    712115899                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     15946300                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    85.269562                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    68.812641                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    70.753620                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |    14335313     89.90%     89.90% |     1068747      6.70%     96.60% |      397202      2.49%     99.09% |       71123      0.45%     99.54% |       55773      0.35%     99.89% |       14380      0.09%     99.98% |        1450      0.01%     99.99% |        2175      0.01%    100.00% |         137      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     15946300                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples    114540172                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       2.337095                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.053340                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     14.970181                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |   114334752     99.82%     99.82% |      122262      0.11%     99.93% |       64140      0.06%     99.98% |        7196      0.01%     99.99% |        8567      0.01%    100.00% |        2662      0.00%    100.00% |         250      0.00%    100.00% |         327      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total     114540172                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    113268556                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   113268556    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    113268556                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1271616                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   121.438135                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   107.856489                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    76.432727                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     1066196     83.85%     83.85% |      122262      9.61%     93.46% |       64140      5.04%     98.50% |        7196      0.57%     99.07% |        8567      0.67%     99.74% |        2662      0.21%     99.95% |         250      0.02%     99.97% |         327      0.03%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1271616                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   6785530503                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.049692                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.003586                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.047272                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  6785355376    100.00%    100.00% |      125341      0.00%    100.00% |       35950      0.00%    100.00% |        5455      0.00%    100.00% |        6335      0.00%    100.00% |        1766      0.00%    100.00% |         106      0.00%    100.00% |         168      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   6785530503                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   6779306308                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  6779306308    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   6779306308                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      6224195                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    55.173010                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    49.537677                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    40.463544                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |     6049068     97.19%     97.19% |      125341      2.01%     99.20% |       35950      0.58%     99.78% |        5455      0.09%     99.87% |        6335      0.10%     99.97% |        1766      0.03%    100.00% |         106      0.00%    100.00% |         168      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      6224195                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       984528                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     6.546140                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.220521                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    31.232437                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |      972539     98.78%     98.78% |        9175      0.93%     99.71% |        2001      0.20%     99.92% |         371      0.04%     99.96% |         330      0.03%     99.99% |          92      0.01%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       984528                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       943490                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      943490    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       943490                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        41038                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   134.055461                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   119.199021                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    80.226907                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       29049     70.79%     70.79% |        9175     22.36%     93.14% |        2001      4.88%     98.02% |         371      0.90%     98.92% |         330      0.80%     99.73% |          92      0.22%     99.95% |          10      0.02%     99.98% |          10      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        41038                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       359561                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     9.640570                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.408781                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    36.648233                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      354110     98.48%     98.48% |        4082      1.14%     99.62% |         986      0.27%     99.89% |         196      0.05%     99.95% |         160      0.04%     99.99% |          22      0.01%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       359561                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       332806                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      332806    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       332806                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        26755                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   117.120800                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   100.071298                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    74.627894                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       21304     79.63%     79.63% |        4082     15.26%     94.88% |         986      3.69%     98.57% |         196      0.73%     99.30% |         160      0.60%     99.90% |          22      0.08%     99.98% |           5      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        26755                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       359561                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      359561    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       359561                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       359561                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      359561    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       359561                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1680504                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    45.957218                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.924247                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.872745                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     1680447    100.00%    100.00% |          38      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      1680504                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     21829400                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    81.952226                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    66.452121                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    68.505018                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |    19820445     90.80%     90.80% |     1329593      6.09%     96.89% |      500275      2.29%     99.18% |       84341      0.39%     99.57% |       71164      0.33%     99.89% |       18922      0.09%     99.98% |        1821      0.01%     99.99% |        2680      0.01%    100.00% |         159      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     21829400                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       289939                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.151932                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.113132                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.239336                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      289919     99.99%     99.99% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       289939                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     15656361                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    85.993978                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    69.324640                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    71.202716                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |    14045380     89.71%     89.71% |     1068743      6.83%     96.54% |      397201      2.54%     99.07% |       71123      0.45%     99.53% |       55772      0.36%     99.88% |       14380      0.09%     99.98% |        1450      0.01%     99.99% |        2175      0.01%    100.00% |         137      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     15656361                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         5786                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    47.454027                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    47.411659                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.998196                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2264     39.13%     39.13% |        3518     60.80%     99.93% |           4      0.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         5786                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1265830                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   121.776310                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   108.262467                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    76.442872                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     1060410     83.77%     83.77% |      122262      9.66%     93.43% |       64140      5.07%     98.50% |        7196      0.57%     99.07% |        8567      0.68%     99.74% |        2662      0.21%     99.95% |         250      0.02%     99.97% |         327      0.03%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      1265830                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1377520                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    45.912901                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.881326                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.782412                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1377483    100.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      1377520                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      4846675                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    57.804915                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    50.629082                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    45.502189                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     4671561     96.39%     96.39% |      125331      2.59%     98.97% |       35947      0.74%     99.71% |        5455      0.11%     99.83% |        6335      0.13%     99.96% |        1766      0.04%     99.99% |         106      0.00%    100.00% |         168      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      4846675                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         2955                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    45.189848                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.179227                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.034361                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2847     96.35%     96.35% |         102      3.45%     99.80% |           6      0.20%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         2955                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        38083                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   140.950870                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   128.518467                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    79.217286                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       26094     68.52%     68.52% |        9175     24.09%     92.61% |        2001      5.25%     97.87% |         371      0.97%     98.84% |         330      0.87%     99.71% |          92      0.24%     99.95% |          10      0.03%     99.97% |          10      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        38083                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         4304                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    45.538801                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.519010                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.372645                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3742     86.94%     86.94% |         562     13.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         4304                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        22451                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   130.843526                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   116.384593                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    73.932524                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       17000     75.72%     75.72% |        4082     18.18%     93.90% |         986      4.39%     98.29% |         196      0.87%     99.17% |         160      0.71%     99.88% |          22      0.10%     99.98% |           5      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        22451                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |     3648896     30.66%     30.66% |     8251690     69.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total     11900586                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX    |     3213902     29.21%     29.21% |     7789295     70.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX::total     11003197                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX_NotOwner |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           5     83.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX_NotOwner::total            6                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          44     52.38%     52.38% |          40     47.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           84                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |         832     50.00%     50.00% |         832     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         1664                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |     3213929     29.21%     29.21% |     7789313     70.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total     11003242                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |     3214734     29.21%     29.21% |     7790127     70.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total     11004861                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX  |     3213889     29.21%     29.21% |     7789273     70.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX::total     11003162                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          40     50.00%     50.00% |          40     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           80                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |         832     50.00%     50.00% |         832     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total         1664                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.GETX  |      434775     48.47%     48.47% |      462250     51.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.GETX::total       897025                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX  |     3213898     29.21%     29.21% |     7789295     70.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX::total     11003193                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX_NotOwner |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           5     83.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX_NotOwner::total            6                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total            4                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.PUTX |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.PUTX::total            4                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total            4                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.GETX |         221     57.25%     57.25% |         165     42.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.GETX::total          386                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |     3213889     29.21%     29.21% |     7789273     70.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total     11003162                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.GETX |          11     84.62%     84.62% |           2     15.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.GETX::total           13                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |     3213898     29.21%     29.21% |     7789295     70.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total     11003193                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          40     50.00%     50.00% |          40     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           80                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |         832     50.00%     50.00% |         832     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total         1664                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          84    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           84                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        1664    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         1664                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          84    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             84                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |        1664    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total            1664                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          84    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           84                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        1664    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         1664                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          84    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           84                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |        1664    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total         1664                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     1837990      0.50%      0.50% |     1088708      0.30%      0.80% |   360732607     98.81%     99.61% |     1429460      0.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    365088765                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     9302163      0.00%      0.00% |     4898288      0.00%      0.00% |18446744072792135680    100.00%    100.00% |     6765408      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total 18446744072813101056                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     1378246      2.34%      2.34% |      787543      1.34%      3.67% |    55677669     94.48%     98.15% |     1089839      1.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     58933297                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |      389822      3.28%      3.28% |      319132      2.68%      5.96% |    10837795     91.07%     97.03% |      353438      2.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total     11900187                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |      270182     30.12%     30.12% |      264037     29.43%     59.55% |       88533      9.87%     69.42% |      274273     30.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total       897025                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |           2     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           6     75.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total            8                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Replacement |      152165      1.37%      1.37% |       79755      0.72%      2.08% |    10803723     96.96%     99.05% |      106365      0.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Replacement::total     11142008                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |      119640      1.09%      1.09% |       55066      0.50%      1.59% |    10749349     97.69%     99.28% |       79142      0.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total     11003197                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Nack |           3     50.00%     50.00% |           2     33.33%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Nack::total            6                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       97210      1.21%      1.21% |       71493      0.89%      2.10% |     7770526     96.87%     98.97% |       82498      1.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total      8021727                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |      267339      8.39%      8.39% |      238348      7.48%     15.86% |     2427162     76.14%     92.00% |      254957      8.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total      3187806                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |       25273      3.66%      3.66% |        9291      1.35%      5.00% |      640107     92.68%     97.69% |       15983      2.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total       690654                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Replacement |       32523     23.43%     23.43% |       24687     17.78%     41.21% |       54377     39.17%     80.39% |       27222     19.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Replacement::total       138809                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Writeback_Nack |           3     50.00%     50.00% |           2     33.33%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Writeback_Nack::total            6                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     1740780      0.49%      0.49% |     1017215      0.28%      0.77% |   352962081     98.85%     99.62% |     1346962      0.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total    357067038                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch  |     9034824      0.00%      0.00% |     4659940      0.00%      0.00% |18446744072789708800    100.00%    100.00% |     6510451      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch::total 18446744072809914368                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     1352973      2.32%      2.32% |      778252      1.34%      3.66% |    55037562     94.50%     98.16% |     1073856      1.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     58242643                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |      270179     30.12%     30.12% |      264035     29.43%     59.55% |       88533      9.87%     69.42% |      274272     30.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total       897019                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           3     75.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Replacement |      119642      1.09%      1.09% |       55068      0.50%      1.59% |    10749346     97.69%     99.28% |       79143      0.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Replacement::total     11003199                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Fwd_GETX |           3     50.00%     50.00% |           2     33.33%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Fwd_GETX::total            6                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Inv    |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           3     75.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Inv::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack |      119640      1.09%      1.09% |       55066      0.50%      1.59% |    10749349     97.69%     99.28% |       79142      0.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack::total     11003197                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |      364549      3.25%      3.25% |      309841      2.76%      6.02% |    10197688     90.97%     96.99% |      337455      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total     11209533                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |       25273      3.66%      3.66% |        9291      1.35%      5.00% |      640107     92.68%     97.69% |       15983      2.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total       690654                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
