
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.202957                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1202956935000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               53394127057001                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 119570                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   159995                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              265580987                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2320076                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4529.53                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   541597955                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     724701400                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     50791808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          50791808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     24939392                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       24939392                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       793622                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             793622                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       389678                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            389678                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     42222466                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             42222466                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     20731741                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            20731741                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0     62954207                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            62954207                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     793622                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    389678                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   793622                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  389678                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              50786432                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   5376                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               24939840                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               50791808                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            24939392                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    84                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            49428                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            50127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            49839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            49478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            48581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            48875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            48693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            49492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            49937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            49879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           50268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           50375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           49804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           49494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           49195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           50073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            24434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            24976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            24747                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            24470                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            23634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            23769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            23783                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            24318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            24559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            24481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           24634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           24717                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           24349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           24245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           24072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           24497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 1202963525000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               793622                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              389678                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 793406                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                    132                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                 14392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                 15067                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                 21962                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                 22650                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                 22579                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                 22565                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                 22548                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                 22577                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                 22567                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                 22585                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                 22623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                 22610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                 22499                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                 22525                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                 22494                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                 22492                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                 22455                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                 22454                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       496128                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   152.634288                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   103.776688                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   189.175371                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       310645     62.61%     62.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255       105867     21.34%     83.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        27406      5.52%     89.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        14930      3.01%     92.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639        14314      2.89%     95.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         8384      1.69%     97.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         3064      0.62%     97.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2628      0.53%     98.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         8890      1.79%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       496128                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        22454                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     35.343547                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    22.393047                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-15          2508     11.17%     11.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16-31         8392     37.37%     48.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::32-47         7349     32.73%     81.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::48-63         2298     10.23%     91.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::64-79          946      4.21%     95.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::80-95          441      1.96%     97.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::96-111          226      1.01%     98.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::112-127          120      0.53%     99.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-143           64      0.29%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::144-159           48      0.21%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::160-175           21      0.09%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::176-191           17      0.08%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::192-207           13      0.06%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::208-223            3      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::224-239            5      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::240-255            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::320-335            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::432-447            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        22454                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        22454                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.354814                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.325657                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.996770                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16            7471     33.27%     33.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17             588      2.62%     35.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18           13418     59.76%     95.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19             915      4.07%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20              58      0.26%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21               4      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        22454                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  9894472250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            24773309750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                3967690000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    12468.81                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               31218.81                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       42.22                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       20.73                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    42.22                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    20.73                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     24.92                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  477003                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 210091                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                60.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               53.91                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                   1016617.53                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   58.07                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy              1870601040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy              1020665250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             3112363800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy            1258266960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy         79042938000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        216185606865                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        536470402500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          838960844415                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           693.253992                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 887047449250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  40169220000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 275740380250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy              1898263080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy              1035758625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             3144913200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy            1267449120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy         79042938000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        217391977665                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        535412182500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          839193482190                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           693.446226                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 885636003250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  40169220000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 277147043000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     50732928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          50732928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     24931392                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       24931392                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       792702                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             792702                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       389553                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            389553                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     42173520                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             42173520                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     20725091                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            20725091                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1     62898611                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            62898611                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     792702                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    389553                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   792702                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  389553                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              50728064                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   4864                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               24931520                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               50732928                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            24931392                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    76                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            49385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            50061                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            49626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            49438                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            48573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            48760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            48718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            49529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            49882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            49838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           50257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           50281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           49749                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           49395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           49144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           49990                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            24440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            24896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            24649                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            24452                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            23650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            23707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            23839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            24371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            24546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            24500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           24662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           24707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           24372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           24155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           24094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           24515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 1202954080500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               792702                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              389553                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 792571                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                     55                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                 14396                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                 15066                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 21956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 22613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 22563                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 22543                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 22552                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 22524                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 22541                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 22659                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 22627                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 22633                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 22478                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 22522                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 22509                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 22467                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 22443                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 22439                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                    18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       497515                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   152.075238                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   103.181037                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   189.732211                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127       314298     63.17%     63.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255       104177     20.94%     84.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        26933      5.41%     89.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        14341      2.88%     92.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639        14564      2.93%     95.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         8386      1.69%     97.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         3147      0.63%     97.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2716      0.55%     98.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         8953      1.80%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       497515                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        22439                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     35.325594                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    22.303220                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-15          2575     11.48%     11.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16-31         8039     35.83%     47.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::32-47         7699     34.31%     81.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::48-63         2251     10.03%     91.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::64-79          888      3.96%     95.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::80-95          446      1.99%     97.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::96-111          261      1.16%     98.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::112-127          117      0.52%     99.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-143           68      0.30%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::144-159           45      0.20%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::160-175           16      0.07%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::176-191           14      0.06%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::192-207            9      0.04%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::208-223            1      0.00%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::240-255            2      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-271            3      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::320-335            4      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::368-383            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        22439                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        22439                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.360622                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.331210                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.001333                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16            7455     33.22%     33.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17             586      2.61%     35.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18           13304     59.29%     95.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19            1042      4.64%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20              49      0.22%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21               3      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        22439                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  9833889000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            24695626500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                3963130000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    12406.72                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               31156.72                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       42.17                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       20.73                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    42.17                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    20.73                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     24.94                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  477093                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 207574                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                60.19                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               53.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                   1017508.14                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   57.92                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy              1876422240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy              1023841500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             3108518400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy            1257359760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy         79042938000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        216025784280                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        536610597750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          838945461930                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           693.241281                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 887268804250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  40169220000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 275514255750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              1903010760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy              1038349125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             3141317400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy            1267410240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy         79042938000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        217451040210                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        535360373250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          839204438985                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           693.455280                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 885514730500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  40169220000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 277268315750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     50755904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          50755904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     24930752                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       24930752                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       793061                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             793061                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       389543                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            389543                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     42192619                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total             42192619                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     20724559                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            20724559                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2     62917178                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total            62917178                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     793061                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    389543                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   793061                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  389543                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              50749888                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   6016                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               24930048                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               50755904                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            24930752                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    94                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            49481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            50122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            49714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            49469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            48575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            48788                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            48718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            49492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            49883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            49905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           50263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           50303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           49771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           49361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           49162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           49960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            24456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            24895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            24681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            24464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            23648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            23713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            23840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            24295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            24575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            24566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           24660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           24684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           24367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           24138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           24102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           24448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 1202954939000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               793061                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              389543                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 792874                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                     93                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                 14423                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                 15125                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                 21953                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                 22623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                 22561                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                 22548                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                 22531                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                 22536                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                 22548                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                 22648                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                 22637                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                 22593                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                 22473                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                 22504                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                 22486                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                 22465                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                 22433                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                 22432                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                    23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       497800                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   152.029056                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   103.234948                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   189.434887                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127       314109     63.10%     63.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255       104547     21.00%     84.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        27032      5.43%     89.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511        14643      2.94%     92.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639        14358      2.88%     95.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         8329      1.67%     97.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         3208      0.64%     97.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2587      0.52%     98.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         8987      1.81%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       497800                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        22432                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     35.350303                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    22.536250                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-31         10687     47.64%     47.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::32-63         9857     43.94%     91.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::64-95         1371      6.11%     97.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::96-127          345      1.54%     99.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-159          117      0.52%     99.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::160-191           37      0.16%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::192-223            9      0.04%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::224-255            2      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::256-287            2      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::320-351            3      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::352-383            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::512-543            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        22432                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        22432                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.365014                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.335829                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.997372                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16            7370     32.85%     32.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::17             635      2.83%     35.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18           13351     59.52%     95.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::19            1022      4.56%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::20              53      0.24%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::21               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        22432                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  9852289750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            24720421000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                3964835000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    12424.59                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               31174.59                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                       42.19                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       20.72                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                    42.19                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    20.72                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     24.91                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  477043                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 207657                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                60.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               53.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                   1017208.58                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   57.90                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy              1880459280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy              1026044250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy             3110733600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy            1257301440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy         79042938000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy        215890206075                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy        536729526000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          838937208645                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           693.234461                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 887456439000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF  40169220000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 275326461000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy              1901158560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy              1037338500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy             3141902400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy            1267332480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy         79042938000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy        217316702610                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy        535478213250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          839185585800                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           693.439701                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 885685739500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF  40169220000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 277097306750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     50839936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          50839936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     25021568                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       25021568                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       794374                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             794374                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       390962                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            390962                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     42262474                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total             42262474                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     20800053                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            20800053                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3     63062527                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total            63062527                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     794374                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    390962                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   794374                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  390962                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              50833344                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                   6592                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               25021952                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               50839936                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            25021568                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                   103                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            49474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            50077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            49813                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            49615                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            48650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            48886                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            48765                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            49584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            49964                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            49913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           50345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           50458                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           49796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           49529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           49228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           50174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            24526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            24986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            24745                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            24605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            23729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            23829                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            23889                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            24418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            24635                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            24569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           24724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           24839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           24425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           24275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           24159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           24615                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 1202956725500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               794374                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              390962                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 794202                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                     69                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                 14764                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                 15506                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                 22023                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                 22674                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                 22623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                 22619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                 22584                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                 22580                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                 22584                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                 22602                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                 22618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                 22594                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                 22543                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                 22584                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                 22528                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                 22532                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                 22491                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                 22489                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                    22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       531962                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   142.595328                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   100.162399                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   178.536136                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127       331062     62.23%     62.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255       130825     24.59%     86.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        26004      4.89%     91.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511        11756      2.21%     93.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         9348      1.76%     95.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         8365      1.57%     97.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         3071      0.58%     97.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2641      0.50%     98.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         8890      1.67%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       531962                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        22489                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     35.319356                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    22.236930                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-15          2514     11.18%     11.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::16-31         8380     37.26%     48.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::32-47         7360     32.73%     81.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::48-63         2470     10.98%     92.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::64-79          814      3.62%     95.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::80-95          430      1.91%     97.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::96-111          201      0.89%     98.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::112-127          135      0.60%     99.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-143           87      0.39%     99.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::144-159           40      0.18%     99.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::160-175           17      0.08%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::176-191           21      0.09%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::192-207           11      0.05%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::208-223            1      0.00%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::224-239            2      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::240-255            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-271            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::320-335            3      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::336-351            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        22489                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        22489                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.384855                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.356820                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.976741                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16            7061     31.40%     31.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::17             662      2.94%     34.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18           13867     61.66%     96.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::19             851      3.78%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::20              45      0.20%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::21               3      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        22489                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 10977084250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            25869665500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                3971355000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    13820.33                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               32570.33                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                       42.26                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       20.80                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                    42.26                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    20.80                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     24.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  445216                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 208061                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                56.05                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               53.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                   1014865.60                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   55.12                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy              2007951120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy              1095608250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy             3114805200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy            1262051280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy         79042938000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy        216066376260                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy        536574990750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          839164720860                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           693.422460                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 886903521500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF  40169220000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 275883984000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy              2031901200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy              1108676250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy             3148345200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy            1271887920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy         79042938000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy        217336553145                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy        535460800500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          839401102215                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           693.617788                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 885355907250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF  40169220000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 277427139000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      2405599832                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1085022                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2351289                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              2300277                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                    39                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                      70758                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       153024                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     2300277                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                           39                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads            4688271                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           1901271                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                  63                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                 31                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             1263049                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes             694603                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                       558035                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     344309                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    213726                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              2400636892.884766                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              4962939.115234                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.002063                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.997937                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           245447                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                38450      1.64%      1.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  1737931     73.91%     75.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    4035      0.17%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    12830      0.55%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                     30      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  344309     14.64%     90.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 213726      9.09%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                   2351311                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      2407849806                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  533886461                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                    709238966                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            508861056                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses             331101068                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     434611                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     31470950                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   508861056                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                    331101068                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         1070234866                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         339888479                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads           564014582                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes          276695748                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           220311486                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes          241376020                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    152855803                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   94772192                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  58083611                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              9383438.378923                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              2398466367.621077                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.996103                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.003897                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         33885232                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               955245      0.13%      0.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                444115867     62.62%     62.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   25490      0.00%     62.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                   145132      0.02%     62.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd              111149730     15.67%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                94772192     13.36%     91.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               58083611      8.19%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                 709247267                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      2406724264                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                     899298                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      1936935                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              1890505                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                      52426                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       139575                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     1890505                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads            3838281                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           1569382                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             1100492                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes             572024                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                       456320                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     285763                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    170557                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              2402774974.192176                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              3949289.807824                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.001641                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.998359                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           209197                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                35984      1.86%      1.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  1428066     73.73%     75.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    3688      0.19%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    12880      0.66%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  285763     14.75%     91.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 170557      8.81%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   1936938                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      2403949644                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    2906448                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      5769722                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              5669437                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1826                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     147354                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       490004                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     5669437                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                         1826                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           11285597                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           4606654                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                3068                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes               1448                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             3643865                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            1978717                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      1302083                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                     843791                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    458292                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              2391310651.106207                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              12638992.893793                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.005258                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.994742                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                           664039                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                37859      0.66%      0.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  4411536     76.46%     77.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                    4612      0.08%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    12346      0.21%     77.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   1376      0.02%     77.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                  843791     14.62%     92.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 458292      7.94%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   5769812                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  706                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 706                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1465                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1465                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq                10                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp               10                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1854                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          612                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          626                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          640                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          614                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          618                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          620                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          626                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    4362                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          927                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2167                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1252                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1228                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1233                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1252                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     5940                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                12998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             1200000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy              755499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              819788                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy              767000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy              768498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy                2500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             2087000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy              481500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy              463500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy              471000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples    936634569                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000502                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   936634333    100.00%    100.00% |         236      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total    936634569                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples      936634569                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.581191                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.037162                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         8.885366                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |   936559968     99.99%     99.99% |       38685      0.00%    100.00% |       35415      0.00%    100.00% |         414      0.00%    100.00% |          84      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total        936634569                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    926943181                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   926943181    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    926943181                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      9691388                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    57.169803                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    34.003572                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    67.140000                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     9616787     99.23%     99.23% |       38685      0.40%     99.63% |       35415      0.37%     99.99% |         414      0.00%    100.00% |          84      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      9691388                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits       545550                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        11725                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       557275                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits      1420000                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses        16011                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses      1436011                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits    156261617                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses      9555278                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    165816895                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits    762052905                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses        21118                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses    762074023                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            98                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits       445962                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses        10215                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       456177                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits      1182611                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        10553                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses      1193164                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1253567                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        50536                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1304103                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits      3780969                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        15952                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3796921                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles             2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits      6491077                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses      3200311                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses      9691388                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     0.005049                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::0        27736                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::2         1674                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        19445                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        14745                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::2         5183                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         3833                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        42132                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         8196                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          386                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        44969                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       221888                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       120528                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      1400040                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1061640                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        41464                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       275976                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       337056                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        65568                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         3088                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       359752                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized     2.054008                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Request_Control::0      9576396                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Data::2      3159960                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      6409140                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         9185                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2442                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      8150698                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     18068668                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         1899                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          413                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     10460032                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     76611168                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    227517120                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    461458080                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       661320                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        19536                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    586850256                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    144549344                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        15192                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         3304                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     83680256                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized     0.004085                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::0        20768                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Data::2         1545                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        13132                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        13870                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::2         3962                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         4470                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        30096                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         7867                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1889                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        31346                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       166144                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       111240                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       945504                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       998640                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        31696                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       321840                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       240768                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        62936                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        15112                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       250768                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized     0.014184                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Request_Control::0        66488                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Data::2        10580                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        49360                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        15132                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2976                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        45042                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       122142                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         8590                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1234                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        82517                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       531904                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       761760                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3553920                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1089504                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        23808                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      3243024                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       977136                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        68720                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         9872                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       660136                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     2.613336                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::0      9691388                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::1      3173759                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::2      6347518                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      6491077                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::2         6719                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      9763779                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     18263038                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      3119472                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        26552                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         3524                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     13792623                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     77531104                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     25390072                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    457021296                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    467357544                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        53752                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    702992088                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    146104304                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     24955776                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       212416                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        28192                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2    110340984                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.135253                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::1       793622                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::2       793622                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       389678                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       779356                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       793622                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      6348976                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     57140784                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     28056816                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      6234848                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      6348976                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.135134                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::1       792702                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::2       792702                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       389553                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       779106                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       792702                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      6341616                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     57074544                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     28047816                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      6232848                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      6341616                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.135174                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::1       793061                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::2       793061                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       389543                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       779086                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       793061                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      6344488                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     57100392                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     28047096                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      6232688                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      6344488                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.135486                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::1       794374                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::2       794374                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       390962                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       781924                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       794374                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      6354992                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     57194928                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     28149264                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      6255392                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      6354992                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.475610                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Request_Control::0      9691388                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Request_Control::1      3173759                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::2      6347518                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      6491077                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        26466                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::2        10641                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      9763779                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     18263038                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      3119472                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        26552                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         3922                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     13792623                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     77531104                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     25390072                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    457021296                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    467357544                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1905552                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        85128                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    702992088                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    146104304                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     24955776                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       212416                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        31376                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2    110340984                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control     38595441                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     19042554                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data     19473231                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data        79398                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control        31923                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data     29291337                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     64147530                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Forwarded_Control        79656                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Invalidate_Control        11368                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Unblock_Control     41377869                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control    308763528                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   1371063888                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.ResponseL2hit_Data   1402072632                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.ResponseLocal_Data      5716656                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control       255384                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data   2108976264                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    513180240                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Forwarded_Control       637248                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Invalidate_Control        90944                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Unblock_Control    331022952                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     0.005897                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2         1674                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        19445                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         6583                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         4797                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        21066                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         8196                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          386                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       120528                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      1400040                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       473976                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        38376                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       168528                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        65568                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         3088                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004200                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        27736                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         8162                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          386                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         3833                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        21066                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        44969                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       221888                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       587664                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         3088                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       275976                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       168528                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       359752                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization     1.979003                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2      3159960                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      6409140                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         7291                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2029                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      9034334                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         1899                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          413                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    227517120                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    461458080                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       524952                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        16232                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     72274672                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        15192                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         3304                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization     2.129014                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0      9576396                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         1894                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          413                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      8150698                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      9034334                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     10460032                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     76611168                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       136368                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         3304                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    586850256                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     72274672                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     83680256                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization     0.004435                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2         1545                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        13132                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         6047                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2073                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        15048                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         7867                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1889                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       111240                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       945504                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       435384                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        16584                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       120384                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        62936                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        15112                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization     0.003734                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        20768                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         7823                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         1889                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         4470                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        15048                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        31346                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       166144                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       563256                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        15112                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       321840                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       120384                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       250768                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization     0.013945                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        10580                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        49360                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         6545                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         1742                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        61071                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         8590                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1234                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       761760                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3553920                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       471240                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        13936                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       488568                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        68720                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         9872                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization     0.014422                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        66488                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         8587                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         1234                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        45042                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        61071                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        82517                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       531904                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       618264                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         9872                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      3243024                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       488568                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       660136                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     2.772371                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::0      9691388                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2      3173759                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      8204043                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      9131519                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      1559736                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     10618864                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     77531104                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    228510648                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    590691096                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     73052152                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     12477888                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     84950912                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     2.454301                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1      3173759                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2      3173759                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      6491077                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         6719                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      1559736                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      9131519                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      1559736                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        26552                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         3524                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      3173759                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     25390072                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    228510648                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    467357544                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        53752                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    112300992                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     73052152                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     12477888                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       212416                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        28192                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     25390072                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.113970                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1       793622                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       389678                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       389678                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       793622                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      6348976                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     28056816                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      3117424                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      6348976                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.156537                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2       793622                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       389678                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     57140784                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      3117424                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.113905                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1       792702                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       389553                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       389553                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       792702                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      6341616                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     28047816                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      3116424                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      6341616                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.156362                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2       792702                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       389553                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     57074544                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      3116424                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.113918                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1       793061                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       389543                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       389543                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       793061                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      6344488                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     28047096                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      3116344                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      6344488                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.156429                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2       793061                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       389543                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     57100392                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      3116344                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.114268                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1       794374                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       390962                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       390962                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       794374                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      6354992                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     28149264                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      3127696                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      6354992                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.156704                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2       794374                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       390962                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     57194928                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      3127696                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.005897                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2         1674                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        19445                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         6583                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         4797                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        21066                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         8196                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          386                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       120528                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      1400040                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       473976                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        38376                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       168528                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        65568                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         3088                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     1.979003                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2      3159960                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      6409140                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         7291                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2029                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      9034334                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         1899                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          413                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    227517120                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    461458080                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       524952                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        16232                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     72274672                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        15192                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         3304                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.link_utilization     0.004435                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::2         1545                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        13132                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         6047                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2073                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        15048                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         7867                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1889                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       111240                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       945504                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       435384                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        16584                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       120384                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        62936                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        15112                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.link_utilization     0.013945                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::2        10580                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        49360                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         6545                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::2         1742                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        61071                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         8590                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1234                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       761760                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3553920                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       471240                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        13936                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       488568                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        68720                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         9872                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.link_utilization     2.772371                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::0      9691388                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::2      3173759                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      8204043                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      9131519                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      1559736                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     10618864                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     77531104                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    228510648                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    590691096                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     73052152                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     12477888                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     84950912                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.link_utilization     0.113970                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::1       793622                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       389678                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       389678                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       793622                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      6348976                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     28056816                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      3117424                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      6348976                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.link_utilization     0.113905                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Request_Control::1       792702                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       389553                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       389553                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       792702                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      6341616                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     28047816                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      3116424                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      6341616                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.link_utilization     0.113918                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Request_Control::1       793061                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       389543                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       389543                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       793061                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      6344488                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     28047096                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      3116344                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      6344488                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.link_utilization     0.114268                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Request_Control::1       794374                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       390962                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       390962                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       794374                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      6354992                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     28149264                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      3127696                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      6354992                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle10.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    108866345                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       3.574540                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.197503                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     18.078434                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   108390091     99.56%     99.56% |      436200      0.40%     99.96% |        6225      0.01%     99.97% |       13316      0.01%     99.98% |       13948      0.01%     99.99% |        6467      0.01%    100.00% |          43      0.00%    100.00% |          31      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     108866345                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    103103214                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   103103214    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    103103214                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5763131                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    49.633425                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    30.106016                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    62.720486                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     5286877     91.74%     91.74% |      436200      7.57%     99.30% |        6225      0.11%     99.41% |       13316      0.23%     99.64% |       13948      0.24%     99.89% |        6467      0.11%    100.00% |          43      0.00%    100.00% |          31      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      5763131                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     58782659                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       5.419234                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.273313                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     24.864771                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    58748669     99.94%     99.94% |       18799      0.03%     99.97% |       14795      0.03%    100.00% |         334      0.00%    100.00% |          59      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      58782659                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     54961174                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    54961174    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     54961174                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3821485                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    68.977323                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    41.127071                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    72.038963                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     3787495     99.11%     99.11% |       18799      0.49%     99.60% |       14795      0.39%     99.99% |         334      0.01%    100.00% |          59      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      3821485                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples    768500119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.002107                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000249                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.398303                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |   768497160    100.00%    100.00% |        2877      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |          38      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total    768500119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    768436485                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   768436485    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    768436485                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        63634                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    26.448141                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    20.182810                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    35.614746                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       60675     95.35%     95.35% |        2877      4.52%     99.87% |          16      0.03%     99.90% |          15      0.02%     99.92% |          38      0.06%     99.98% |          13      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        63634                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       217634                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.521591                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.217147                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     9.192330                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |      217291     99.84%     99.84% |         327      0.15%     99.99% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       217634                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       203536                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      203536    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       203536                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        14098                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    24.489147                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    20.771192                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    28.079881                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       13755     97.57%     97.57% |         327      2.32%     99.89% |           6      0.04%     99.93% |           2      0.01%     99.94% |           5      0.04%     99.98% |           3      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        14098                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       133906                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean    18.607254                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     2.401385                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    46.372333                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      131677     98.34%     98.34% |        1770      1.32%     99.66% |         264      0.20%     99.85% |          42      0.03%     99.89% |          94      0.07%     99.96% |          52      0.04%     99.99% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       133906                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       104866                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      104866    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       104866                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        29040                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    82.188602                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    56.799250                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    68.946803                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       26811     92.32%     92.32% |        1770      6.10%     98.42% |         264      0.91%     99.33% |          42      0.14%     99.47% |          94      0.32%     99.80% |          52      0.18%     99.98% |           5      0.02%     99.99% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        29040                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       133906                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      133906    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       133906                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       133906                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      133906    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       133906                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |      391312     24.98%     24.98% |      391181     24.98%     49.96% |      391147     24.97%     74.93% |      392603     25.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total      1566243                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS    |      402310     25.03%     25.03% |      401521     24.98%     50.00% |      401914     25.00%     75.01% |      401771     24.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS::total      1607516                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX    |      389676     24.98%     24.98% |      389553     24.98%     49.96% |      389539     24.97%     74.93% |      390954     25.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX::total      1559722                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTO_SHARERS |           2     14.29%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           4     28.57%     42.86% |           8     57.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTO_SHARERS::total           14                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Unblock |      398690     25.03%     25.03% |      397992     24.99%     50.02% |      398094     24.99%     75.01% |      398098     24.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Unblock::total      1592874                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Last_Unblock |        3620     24.72%     24.72% |        3529     24.10%     48.83% |        3820     26.09%     74.91% |        3673     25.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Last_Unblock::total        14642                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      391312     24.98%     24.98% |      391181     24.98%     49.96% |      391147     24.97%     74.93% |      392603     25.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1566243                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Dirty_Writeback |      389678     24.98%     24.98% |      389553     24.98%     49.96% |      389543     24.97%     74.93% |      390962     25.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Dirty_Writeback::total      1559736                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      793622     25.01%     25.01% |      792702     24.98%     49.98% |      793061     24.99%     74.97% |      794374     25.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      3173759                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      389678     24.98%     24.98% |      389553     24.98%     49.96% |      389543     24.97%     74.93% |      390962     25.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      1559736                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX  |      124716     24.92%     24.92% |      124860     24.94%     49.86% |      124770     24.93%     74.79% |      126205     25.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX::total       500551                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETS  |      398690     25.03%     25.03% |      397992     24.99%     50.02% |      398094     24.99%     75.01% |      398098     24.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETS::total      1592874                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Memory_Ack |      389676     24.98%     24.98% |      389553     24.98%     49.96% |      389539     24.97%     74.93% |      390954     25.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Memory_Ack::total      1559722                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETX  |      266596     25.02%     25.02% |      266321     24.99%     50.01% |      266377     25.00%     75.00% |      266398     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETX::total      1065692                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETS  |        3620     24.72%     24.72% |        3529     24.10%     48.83% |        3820     26.09%     74.91% |        3673     25.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETS::total        14642                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.Memory_Ack |           2     14.29%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           4     28.57%     42.86% |           8     57.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.Memory_Ack::total           14                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX  |      389676     24.98%     24.98% |      389553     24.98%     49.96% |      389539     24.97%     74.93% |      390954     25.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX::total      1559722                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTO_SHARERS |           2     14.29%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           4     28.57%     42.86% |           8     57.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTO_SHARERS::total           14                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Unblock |      398690     25.03%     25.03% |      397992     24.99%     50.02% |      398094     24.99%     75.01% |      398098     24.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Unblock::total      1592874                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Memory_Data |      398690     25.03%     25.03% |      397992     24.99%     50.02% |      398094     24.99%     75.01% |      398098     24.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Memory_Data::total      1592874                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Last_Unblock |        3620     24.72%     24.72% |        3529     24.10%     48.83% |        3820     26.09%     74.91% |        3673     25.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Last_Unblock::total        14642                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Memory_Data |        3620     24.72%     24.72% |        3529     24.10%     48.83% |        3820     26.09%     74.91% |        3673     25.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Memory_Data::total        14642                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock |      391312     24.98%     24.98% |      391181     24.98%     49.96% |      391147     24.97%     74.93% |      392603     25.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1566243                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Data |      391312     24.98%     24.98% |      391181     24.98%     49.96% |      391147     24.97%     74.93% |      392603     25.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Data::total      1566243                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Dirty_Writeback |      389676     24.98%     24.98% |      389553     24.98%     49.96% |      389539     24.97%     74.93% |      390954     25.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Dirty_Writeback::total      1559722                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MIS.Dirty_Writeback |           2     14.29%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           4     28.57%     42.86% |           8     57.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MIS.Dirty_Writeback::total           14                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |      316401      0.29%      0.29% |   107512796     98.76%     99.05% |      265520      0.24%     99.29% |      771642      0.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    108866359                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     1436011      0.19%      0.19% |   762074023     99.16%     99.35% |     1193164      0.16%     99.51% |     3796921      0.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    768500119                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |      240874      0.41%      0.41% |    58304113     98.37%     98.78% |      190657      0.32%     99.10% |      532461      0.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     59268105                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |       23041      0.25%      0.25% |     9038750     98.87%     99.12% |       17216      0.19%     99.31% |       62834      0.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      9141841                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Own_GETX  |          34     39.53%     39.53% |           5      5.81%     45.35% |          44     51.16%     96.51% |           3      3.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Own_GETX::total           86                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |        2085     31.22%     31.22% |         198      2.96%     34.19% |        2040     30.55%     64.73% |        2355     35.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         6678                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        6369     31.42%     31.42% |        1696      8.37%     39.78% |        5976     29.48%     69.26% |        6232     30.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        20273                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |         386      9.84%      9.84% |         413     10.53%     20.37% |        1889     48.16%     68.54% |        1234     31.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total         3922                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |        4797     45.08%     45.08% |        2029     19.07%     64.15% |        2073     19.48%     83.63% |        1742     16.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total        10641                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |       20900      0.82%      0.82% |     2489171     97.60%     98.42% |       15333      0.60%     99.03% |       24864      0.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total      2550268                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data |        6802      0.10%      0.10% |     7087220     99.25%     99.34% |        5391      0.08%     99.42% |       41621      0.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total      7141034                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |       17233      1.86%      1.86% |      883636     95.27%     97.13% |       10578      1.14%     98.27% |       16029      1.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total       927476                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack_Data |        3833      0.05%      0.05% |     8150698     99.35%     99.40% |        4470      0.05%     99.45% |       45042      0.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack_Data::total      8204043                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks  |        3806      0.10%      0.10% |     3846996     99.54%     99.64% |        2121      0.05%     99.70% |       11700      0.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks::total      3864623                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_Timeout |        6836      0.10%      0.10% |     7087225     99.25%     99.34% |        5435      0.08%     99.42% |       41624      0.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_Timeout::total      7141120                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        7919      0.14%      0.14% |     5708282     99.05%     99.19% |        8094      0.14%     99.33% |       38836      0.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total      5763131                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |       16011     25.16%     25.16% |       21118     33.19%     58.35% |       10553     16.58%     74.93% |       15952     25.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total        63634                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |        2276      0.07%      0.07% |     3306651     99.58%     99.64% |        1317      0.04%     99.68% |       10506      0.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total      3320750                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        1975     26.17%     26.17% |        1641     21.74%     47.91% |        2168     28.73%     76.64% |        1763     23.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total         7547                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       73420      0.18%      0.18% |    40081436     99.35%     99.53% |       71217      0.18%     99.70% |      119439      0.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total     40345512                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     1420000      0.18%      0.18% |   762052905     99.17%     99.35% |     1182611      0.15%     99.51% |     3780969      0.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total    768436485                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        1496      0.28%      0.28% |      540340     99.37%     99.64% |         759      0.14%     99.78% |        1191      0.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total       543786                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |       18931      0.95%      0.95% |     1948185     97.30%     98.25% |       12395      0.62%     98.87% |       22691      1.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total      2002202                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Fwd_GETS |        1830     42.36%     42.36% |         739     17.11%     59.47% |        1025     23.73%     83.19% |         726     16.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Fwd_GETS::total         4320                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |         386      9.84%      9.84% |         413     10.53%     20.37% |        1889     48.16%     68.54% |        1234     31.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         3922                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load    |          71      0.97%      0.97% |         114      1.56%      2.54% |        7018     96.26%     98.79% |          88      1.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load::total         7291                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store   |          34     39.08%     39.08% |           5      5.75%     44.83% |          45     51.72%     96.55% |           3      3.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store::total           87                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_Replacement |          85     42.08%     42.08% |          36     17.82%     59.90% |          53     26.24%     86.14% |          28     13.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_Replacement::total          202                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETX |        1445     28.24%     28.24% |          21      0.41%     28.65% |        1565     30.58%     59.23% |        2086     40.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETX::total         5117                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETS |         293      5.69%      5.69% |          33      0.64%      6.33% |        2364     45.89%     52.21% |        2462     47.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETS::total         5152                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |        8133      0.16%      0.16% |     4895195     98.28%     98.45% |        2989      0.06%     98.51% |       74455      1.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      4980772                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |         422      0.02%      0.02% |     2034411     99.01%     99.03% |         128      0.01%     99.03% |       19884      0.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total      2054845                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |         478      0.05%      0.05% |      998882     99.24%     99.29% |        1195      0.12%     99.41% |        5984      0.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1006539                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |         433     44.73%     44.73% |          29      3.00%     47.73% |         374     38.64%     86.36% |         132     13.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total          968                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |        1643     30.22%     30.22% |          34      0.63%     30.84% |        1613     29.67%     60.51% |        2147     39.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total         5437                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load  |        2098      0.16%      0.16% |     1291922     97.41%     97.57% |        2549      0.19%     97.76% |       29718      2.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load::total      1326287                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store |          56      0.03%      0.03% |      206819     99.08%     99.11% |          23      0.01%     99.12% |        1843      0.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store::total       208741                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.L1_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         546    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.L1_Replacement::total          546                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETX |          36    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETX::total           36                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETS |         102     56.98%     56.98% |           0      0.00%     56.98% |          77     43.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETS::total          179                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_Timeout |        2974      0.10%      0.10% |     3033410     98.88%     98.98% |        3291      0.11%     99.08% |       28081      0.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_Timeout::total      3067756                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |      224187      0.40%      0.40% |    54916536     98.38%     98.78% |      173383      0.31%     99.09% |      505511      0.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total     55819617                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |      229204      0.48%      0.48% |    46601382     98.15%     98.63% |      185652      0.39%     99.02% |      463733      0.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total     47479971                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement |        1572      0.03%      0.03% |     6087231     99.42%     99.45% |        1405      0.02%     99.47% |       32368      0.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement::total      6122576                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX |         163     29.80%     29.80% |         148     27.06%     56.86% |          99     18.10%     74.95% |         137     25.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX::total          547                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS |        2355     47.83%     47.83% |         890     18.07%     65.90% |         782     15.88%     81.78% |         897     18.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS::total         4924                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load |         573      0.09%      0.09% |      619297     99.29%     99.38% |         270      0.04%     99.42% |        3595      0.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load::total       623735                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store |        7386      0.13%      0.13% |     5614505     99.20%     99.33% |        2733      0.05%     99.38% |       35301      0.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store::total      5659925                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.L1_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2229    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.L1_Replacement::total         2229                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETX |           8     88.89%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           1     11.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETX::total            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETS |         146     55.94%     55.94% |           0      0.00%     55.94% |         115     44.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETS::total          261                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_Timeout |        3862      0.09%      0.09% |     4053815     99.52%     99.61% |        2144      0.05%     99.67% |       13543      0.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_Timeout::total      4073364                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |        2185     43.80%     43.80% |         861     17.26%     61.05% |         988     19.80%     80.86% |         955     19.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total         4989                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data |        2276      0.07%      0.07% |     3306651     99.58%     99.64% |        1318      0.04%     99.68% |       10506      0.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data::total      3320751                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        2448     50.89%     50.89% |         894     18.59%     69.48% |         795     16.53%     86.01% |         673     13.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total         4810                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Exclusive_Data |        1496      0.28%      0.28% |      540340     99.37%     99.64% |         759      0.14%     99.78% |        1191      0.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Exclusive_Data::total       543786                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Own_GETX |          34     39.53%     39.53% |           5      5.81%     45.35% |          44     51.16%     96.51% |           3      3.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Own_GETX::total           86                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Fwd_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack    |         164     19.48%     19.48% |         274     32.54%     52.02% |         290     34.44%     86.46% |         114     13.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack::total          842                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks |        3806      0.10%      0.10% |     3846996     99.54%     99.64% |        2121      0.05%     99.70% |       11700      0.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks::total      3864623                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |       20900      0.82%      0.82% |     2489171     97.60%     98.42% |       15333      0.60%     99.03% |       24864      0.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total      2550268                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data |        3030      0.09%      0.09% |     3240229     98.89%     98.99% |        3314      0.10%     99.09% |       29924      0.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data::total      3276497                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Load   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          12    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Load::total           12                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack |       17233      1.86%      1.86% |      883636     95.27%     97.13% |       10578      1.14%     98.27% |       16029      1.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack::total       927476                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack_Data |        1698      0.16%      0.16% |     1064549     99.05%     99.21% |        1817      0.17%     99.38% |        6662      0.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total      1074726                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack_Data |          85     42.08%     42.08% |          36     17.82%     59.90% |          53     26.24%     86.14% |          28     13.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total          202                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack_Data |        2050      0.03%      0.03% |     7086113     99.40%     99.43% |        2600      0.04%     99.46% |       38352      0.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total      7129115                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS        5826860      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX        3864629      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTO            202      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX        7129115      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTS_only      1918881      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTS          83321      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.All_Acks       1566243      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Data           3173759      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_WBCLEANDATA      1074726      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_WBDIRTYDATA      7129317      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack      1559736      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock        3477744      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock      7141120      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement      2629518      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS      1607516      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX      1025445      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_GETS         4320      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_GETX       539273      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_PUTS_only      1069168      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_PUTS         5558      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_GETS        10361      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_GETX         1515      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_PUTX      7129115      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_GETS         2058      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_GETX          161      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_PUTO           74      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_GETS         3094      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_GETX         5043      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTO          128      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTS_only         2338      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTS         1304      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L1_GETS       849968      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L1_GETX           60      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement      1063185      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_GETS          693      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_GETX           41      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_PUTS_only           61      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_PUTS          683      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L2_Replacement           14      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_GETS        77182      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_GETX         1465      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_PUTS_only       847314      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_PUTS        75776      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L2_Replacement         6597      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS      3271573      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX      2291620      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement      1559722      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA           74      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.Unblock         2338      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA          128      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.Unblock         1304      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSW.Unblock        75776      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILSW.L1_WBCLEANDATA         5558      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IW.L1_GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IW.L1_WBCLEANDATA      1069168      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SW.Unblock       847314      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OXW.Unblock           61      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXW.Unblock          683      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA      7129115      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLS.Unblock         4320      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOX.Unblock         2058      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOX.Exclusive_Unblock           41      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.L1_GETS           47      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.L1_GETX            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.Unblock         5437      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.Exclusive_Unblock         6600      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOSX.Unblock         3094      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.L1_GETS           47      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.L1_GETX            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.Exclusive_Unblock         5043      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.Data       1607516      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.Unblock      1607516      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGM.Data       1025505      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMLS.Data       540738      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.All_Acks      1566243      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.Exclusive_Unblock      1566243      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock      2291620      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.Unblock       849968      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OO.Exclusive_Unblock      3271573      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXS.Unblock          693      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.Unblock        77182      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack      1559722      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSI.Writeback_Ack           14      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.229605                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1229604865500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               53420774987501                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 119498                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   161290                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              264395043                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2567884                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4650.64                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   555741605                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     750101649                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     51638976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          51638976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     25402432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       25402432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       806859                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             806859                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       396913                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            396913                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     41996399                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             41996399                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     20659020                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            20659020                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0     62655419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            62655419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     806859                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    396913                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   806859                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  396913                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              51631488                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   7488                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               25402112                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               51638976                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            25402432                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   117                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            50175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            50801                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            50562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            50188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            49469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            49742                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            49516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            50477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            50912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            50637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           51122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           51058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           50552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           50630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           49999                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           50902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            24832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            25390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            25035                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            24777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            24302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            24249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            24233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            24741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            25144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            24940                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           25256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           25172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           24728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           24724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           24468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           24917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 1229609089000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               806859                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              396913                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 806406                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                    336                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                 14764                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                 15444                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                 22358                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                 23054                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                 22984                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                 22971                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                 22954                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                 22987                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                 22975                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                 22989                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                 23029                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                 23016                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                 22907                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                 22936                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                 22898                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                 22895                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                 22858                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                 22857                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                    32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       506703                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   152.029098                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   103.601137                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   188.166199                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       317257     62.61%     62.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255       108725     21.46%     84.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        27962      5.52%     89.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        15147      2.99%     92.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639        14438      2.85%     95.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         8474      1.67%     97.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         3121      0.62%     97.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2666      0.53%     98.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         8913      1.76%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       506703                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        22857                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     35.296802                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    22.433781                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-15          2594     11.35%     11.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16-31         8536     37.35%     48.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::32-47         7454     32.61%     81.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::48-63         2336     10.22%     91.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::64-79          960      4.20%     95.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::80-95          447      1.96%     97.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::96-111          230      1.01%     98.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::112-127          120      0.53%     99.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-143           66      0.29%     99.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::144-159           49      0.21%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::160-175           22      0.10%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::176-191           19      0.08%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::192-207           13      0.06%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::208-223            3      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::224-239            5      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::240-255            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::320-335            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::432-447            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        22857                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        22857                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.364834                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.335834                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.994046                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16            7499     32.81%     32.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17             591      2.59%     35.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18           13765     60.22%     95.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19             938      4.10%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20              59      0.26%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21               5      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        22857                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 10030554500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            25156967000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                4033710000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    12433.41                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               31183.41                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       41.99                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       20.66                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    42.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    20.66                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     24.90                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  484728                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 212219                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                60.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               53.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                   1021463.44                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   57.90                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy              1908280080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy              1041224250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             3162432000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy            1280480400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy         80783738880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        221448279780                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        547845423000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          857469858390                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           693.280008                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 905933701500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  41059200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 282611712250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy              1940531040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy              1058821500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             3197851800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy            1292040720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy         80783738880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        223016377140                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        546469899000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          857759260080                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           693.513994                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 903996561500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  41059200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 284548838500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     51564480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          51564480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     25389504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       25389504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       805695                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             805695                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       396711                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            396711                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     41935813                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             41935813                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     20648506                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            20648506                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1     62584320                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            62584320                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     805695                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    396711                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   805695                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  396711                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              51556992                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   7488                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               25389632                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               51564480                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            25389504                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   117                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            50114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            50706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            50362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            50117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            49457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            49582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            49476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            50489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            50843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            50580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           51100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           50982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           50479                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           50560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           49940                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           50791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            24835                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            25279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            24955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            24750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            24326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            24170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            24272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            24774                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            25138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            24945                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           25298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           25150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           24749                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           24623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           24482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           24967                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 1229603905500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               805695                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              396711                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 805318                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                    257                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                 14766                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                 15442                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 22351                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 23014                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 22965                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 22944                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 22952                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 22929                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 22943                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 23059                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 23027                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 23036                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 22879                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 22924                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 22909                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 22866                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 22842                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 22838                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                    21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       507871                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   151.508458                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   103.026948                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   188.736393                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127       320814     63.17%     63.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255       106885     21.05%     84.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        27512      5.42%     89.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        14572      2.87%     92.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639        14680      2.89%     95.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         8481      1.67%     97.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         3205      0.63%     97.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2744      0.54%     98.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         8978      1.77%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       507871                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        22838                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     35.276119                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    22.334171                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-15          2663     11.66%     11.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16-31         8173     35.79%     47.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::32-47         7805     34.18%     81.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::48-63         2294     10.04%     91.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::64-79          902      3.95%     95.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::80-95          451      1.97%     97.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::96-111          262      1.15%     98.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::112-127          120      0.53%     99.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-143           72      0.32%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::144-159           45      0.20%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::160-175           16      0.07%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::176-191           15      0.07%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::192-207            9      0.04%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::208-223            1      0.00%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::240-255            2      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-271            3      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::320-335            4      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::368-383            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        22838                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        22838                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.370742                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.341498                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.998399                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16            7480     32.75%     32.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17             590      2.58%     35.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18           13645     59.75%     95.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19            1070      4.69%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20              50      0.22%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21               3      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        22838                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  9967469500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            25072057000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                4027890000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    12373.07                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               31123.07                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       41.93                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       20.65                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    41.94                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    20.65                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     24.95                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  484669                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 209752                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                60.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               52.87                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                   1022619.57                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   57.76                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy              1912770720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy              1043674500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             3156979800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy            1279113120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy         80783738880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        221211115605                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        548053461750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          857440854375                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           693.256557                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 906273740250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  41059200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 282271673500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              1944953640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy              1061234625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             3193881600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy            1292040720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy         80783738880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        223175249820                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        546330537000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          857781636285                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           693.532086                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 903729006250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  41059200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 284816393750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     51581120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          51581120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     25386880                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       25386880                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       805955                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             805955                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       396670                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            396670                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     41949346                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total             41949346                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     20646372                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            20646372                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2     62595718                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total            62595718                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     805955                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    396670                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   805955                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  396670                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              51573632                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   7488                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               25386304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               51581120                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            25386880                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                   117                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            50245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            50749                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            50410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            50184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            49456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            49613                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            49496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            50426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            50813                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            50641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           51060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           50988                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           50520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           50504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           49952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           50781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            24871                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            25266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            24947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            24786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            24318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            24176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            24260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            24716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            25148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            25024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           25267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           25136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           24756                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           24603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           24489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           24898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 1229603220000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               805955                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              396670                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 805540                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                    297                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                 14783                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                 15491                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                 22351                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                 23025                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                 22961                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                 22949                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                 22932                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                 22938                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                 22948                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                 23049                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                 23037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                 22994                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                 22873                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                 22904                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                 22886                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                 22863                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                 22831                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                 22831                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                    23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       508112                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   151.462796                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   103.079834                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   188.445039                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127       320581     63.09%     63.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255       107276     21.11%     84.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        27597      5.43%     89.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511        14863      2.93%     92.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639        14478      2.85%     95.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         8427      1.66%     97.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         3259      0.64%     97.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2621      0.52%     98.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         9010      1.77%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       508112                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        22831                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     35.297490                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    22.553888                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-31         10916     47.81%     47.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::32-63         9997     43.79%     91.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::64-95         1391      6.09%     97.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::96-127          351      1.54%     99.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-159          119      0.52%     99.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::160-191           39      0.17%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::192-223            9      0.04%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::224-255            2      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::256-287            2      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::320-351            3      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::352-383            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::512-543            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        22831                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        22831                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.373790                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.344779                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.994335                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16            7404     32.43%     32.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::17             640      2.80%     35.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18           13694     59.98%     95.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::19            1036      4.54%     99.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::20              56      0.25%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::21               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        22831                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  9984238500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            25093701000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                4029190000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    12389.88                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               31139.88                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                       41.94                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       20.65                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                    41.95                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    20.65                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     24.90                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  484619                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 209769                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                60.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               52.88                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                   1022432.78                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   57.74                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy              1916951400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy              1045955625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy             3159249600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy            1278996480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy         80783738880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy        221023256715                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy        548218250250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          857426398950                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           693.244870                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 906537889750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF  41059200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 282007364000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy              1942625160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy              1059964125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy             3193780200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy            1291833360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy         80783738880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy        222872089050                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy        546596467500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          857740498275                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           693.498825                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 904147655500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF  41059200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 284397744500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     51667456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          51667456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     25475712                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       25475712                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       807304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             807304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       398058                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            398058                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     42019560                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total             42019560                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     20718617                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            20718617                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3     62738177                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total            62738177                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     807304                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    398058                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   807304                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  398058                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              51658176                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                   9280                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               25475840                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               51667456                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            25475712                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                   145                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            50216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            50716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            50516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            50333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            49497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            49709                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            49541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            50546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            50935                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            50649                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           51168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           51128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           50516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           50674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           50004                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           51011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            24911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            25372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            25019                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            24911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            24362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            24292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            24327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            24842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            25207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            25033                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           25331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           25304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           24803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           24734                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           24545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           25067                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 1229602416500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               807304                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              398058                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 806889                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                    269                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                 15139                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                 15887                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                 22419                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                 23073                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                 23020                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                 23014                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                 22979                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                 22975                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                 22980                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                 22997                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                 23014                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                 22993                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                 22940                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                 22982                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                 22925                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                 22927                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                 22886                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                 22884                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                    22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       542242                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   142.250287                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   100.079842                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   177.767166                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127       337495     62.24%     62.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255       133582     24.64%     86.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        26539      4.89%     91.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511        11967      2.21%     93.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         9483      1.75%     95.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         8457      1.56%     97.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         3132      0.58%     97.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2669      0.49%     98.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         8918      1.64%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       542242                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        22884                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     35.273859                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    22.255357                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-15          2594     11.34%     11.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::16-31         8525     37.25%     48.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::32-47         7458     32.59%     81.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::48-63         2508     10.96%     92.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::64-79          829      3.62%     95.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::80-95          441      1.93%     97.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::96-111          202      0.88%     98.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::112-127          137      0.60%     99.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-143           91      0.40%     99.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::144-159           41      0.18%     99.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::160-175           17      0.07%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::176-191           21      0.09%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::192-207           11      0.05%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::208-223            1      0.00%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::224-239            2      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::240-255            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-271            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::320-335            3      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::336-351            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        22884                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        22884                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.394686                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.366850                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.973206                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16            7079     30.93%     30.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::17             664      2.90%     33.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18           14222     62.15%     95.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::19             871      3.81%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::20              45      0.20%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::21               3      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        22884                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 11112523499                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            26246754749                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                4035795000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    13767.45                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               32517.45                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                       42.01                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       20.72                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                    42.02                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    20.72                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     24.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  452816                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 210162                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                56.10                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               52.80                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                   1020110.49                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   55.01                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy              2044428120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy              1115511375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy             3163251000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy            1283493600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy         80783738880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy        221272254090                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy        547999831500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          857662508565                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           693.435769                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 905873447250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF  41059200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 282671482500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy              2073141000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy              1131178125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy             3200433600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy            1296401760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy         80783738880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy        222882787665                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy        546587082750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          857954763780                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           693.672062                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 903831772750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF  41059200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 284713627250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      2455450736                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1596087                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                      3334897                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              3263403                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  7491                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                      97638                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       217161                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     3263403                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         7491                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads            6693237                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           2662989                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads               12375                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes               6003                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             1722400                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes             977697                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                       817772                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     498212                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    319560                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              2447796108.299556                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              7654627.700445                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.003117                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.996883                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           347776                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                46829      1.40%      1.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  2446693     73.36%     74.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    4816      0.14%     74.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    13190      0.40%     75.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                   5742      0.17%     75.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     75.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  498212     14.94%     90.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 319560      9.58%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                   3335042                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      2459514023                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  536915122                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                    714918154                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            514481796                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses             331117631                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     540434                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     31926809                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   514481796                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                    331117631                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         1081327613                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         344379437                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads           564041291                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes          276708793                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           223363841                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes          243393839                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    154102145                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   95495087                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  58607058                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              48143448.327496                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              2411370574.672504                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.980426                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.019574                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         34516267                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               977118      0.14%      0.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                448507238     62.73%     62.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   29069      0.00%     62.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                   149154      0.02%     62.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd              111161990     15.55%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                     80      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                95495087     13.36%     91.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               58607058      8.20%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                 714926794                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      2459385832                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    2870769                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      5640923                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              5537886                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                 21165                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     130495                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       416113                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     5537886                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                        21165                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           11325259                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           4428531                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads               33759                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes              16435                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             2997616                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            1624787                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      1396273                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     821762                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    574511                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              2445780037.777496                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              13605794.222504                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.005532                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.994468                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           604090                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                54710      0.97%      0.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  4155203     73.66%     74.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    5339      0.09%     74.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    13776      0.24%     74.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                  15718      0.28%     75.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                     16      0.00%     75.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  821762     14.57%     89.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 574511     10.18%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   5641035                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      2459209731                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   11538901                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     20803187                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             20575878                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                  5724                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     428348                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts      1499951                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    20575878                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                         5724                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           41188899                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes          16968031                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                9426                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes               4501                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads            11998737                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            8331405                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      4459812                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    2799883                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                   1659929                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              2413858527.002037                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              45351203.997963                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.018441                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.981559                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                          2048445                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                65989      0.32%      0.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                 16228239     78.01%     78.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   31088      0.15%     78.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    14079      0.07%     78.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   4291      0.02%     78.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     78.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 2799883     13.46%     92.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                1659929      7.98%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  20803498                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 4547                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                4547                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                3877                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               3877                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               389                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              389                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          178                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          178                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          716                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          724                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         2280                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          824                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3834                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           80                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          704                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          878                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2140                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          710                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          592                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          864                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2196                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         6474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          836                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         8740                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   17626                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          356                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          356                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         1432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1140                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           46                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          225                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1756                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3491                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1420                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           24                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3486                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         2840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         3237                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         7769                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    20426                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                83000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy              3043483                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             6176000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             1160996                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             1269274                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             1210993                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             1192493                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              528998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             3160000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             1648500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             1719000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             7325000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages            2                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes         8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs            2                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   1897547545                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000001                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000788                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1897546368    100.00%    100.00% |        1177      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   1897547545                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     1897547545                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.578874                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.037073                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         8.862317                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  1897397402     99.99%     99.99% |       77742      0.00%    100.00% |       71397      0.00%    100.00% |         830      0.00%    100.00% |         168      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       1897547545                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   1877950291                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1877950291    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   1877950291                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     19597254                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    57.050749                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    33.944167                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    67.049484                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |    19447111     99.23%     99.23% |       77742      0.40%     99.63% |       71397      0.36%     99.99% |         830      0.00%    100.00% |         168      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     19597254                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits       796255                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        22601                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       818856                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits      2083963                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses        21090                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses      2105053                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits    157473655                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses      9600930                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    167074585                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits    766030722                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses        51015                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses    766081737                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            99                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1364810                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses        36354                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1401164                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits      3842200                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        24602                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3866802                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles             2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits      4343712                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses       119264                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      4462976                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits     15071793                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        30010                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses     15101803                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles             3                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits      6641772                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses      3264094                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses      9905866                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     0.007938                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::0        43691                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::2         5376                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        30027                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        18589                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::2         6034                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        10623                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        70386                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        10423                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          511                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        68261                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       349528                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       387072                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      2161944                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1338408                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        48272                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       764856                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       563088                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        83384                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         4088                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       546088                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized     2.023135                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Request_Control::0      9651945                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Data::2      3181931                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      6459266                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        15016                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Control::2         4711                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      8185372                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     18206566                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         4286                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          950                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     10569856                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     77215560                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    229099032                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    465067152                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1081152                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        37688                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    589346784                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    145652528                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        34288                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         7600                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     84558848                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized     0.011564                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::0        60956                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Data::2        15039                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        36999                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        20110                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::2         5602                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        24166                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       102450                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        11518                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         2198                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        88015                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       487648                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1082808                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      2663928                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1447920                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        44816                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      1739952                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       819600                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        92144                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        17584                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       704120                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized     0.030627                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Request_Control::0       149274                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Data::2        23467                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       115480                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        22289                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::2         5279                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       103793                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       275894                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        12056                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1566                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       183428                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0      1194192                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1689624                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      8314560                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1604808                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        42232                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      7473096                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2207152                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        96448                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        12528                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      1467424                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     2.604530                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::0      9905866                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::1      3225813                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::2      6451643                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      6641772                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::2        11176                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      9912178                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     18655296                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      3176448                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        38283                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1           19                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         4770                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     14135375                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     79246928                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     25806504                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    464518296                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    478207584                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        89408                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    713676816                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    149242368                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     25411584                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       306264                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1          152                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        38160                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2    113083000                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.134609                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::1       806859                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::2       806864                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       396881                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       793796                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1            7                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       806861                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      6454872                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     58094208                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     28575432                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      6350368                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1           56                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      6454888                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.134456                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::1       805695                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::2       805697                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       396679                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       793390                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       805695                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      6445560                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     58010184                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     28560888                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      6347120                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      6445560                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.134481                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::1       805955                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::2       805961                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       396638                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       793308                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       805955                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      6447640                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     58029192                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     28557936                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      6346464                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      6447640                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.134787                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::1       807304                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::2       807308                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       398026                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       796084                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       807304                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      6458432                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     58126176                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     28657872                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      6368672                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      6458432                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.000004                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          130                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1040                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         2048                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.474194                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Request_Control::0      9905866                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Request_Control::1      3225813                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::2      6451643                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      6641772                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        38003                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::2        16401                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      9912178                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     18655296                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      3176578                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        38283                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1           19                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         5225                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     14135375                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     79246928                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     25806504                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    464518296                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    478207584                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      2736216                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       131208                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    713676816                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    149242368                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     25412624                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         2048                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       306264                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1          152                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        41800                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2    113083000                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control     39395037                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     19354929                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data     19925316                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data       114009                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control        49203                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data     29736534                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     65496390                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Forwarded_Control       114906                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Invalidate_Control        15220                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Unblock_Control     42406125                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control    315160296                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   1393554888                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.ResponseL2hit_Data   1434622752                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.ResponseLocal_Data      8208648                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control       393624                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data   2141030448                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    523971120                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Forwarded_Control       919248                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Invalidate_Control       121760                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Unblock_Control    339249000                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     0.009034                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2         5376                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        30027                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         8227                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         5523                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        35193                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        10423                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          511                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       387072                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      2161944                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       592344                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        44184                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       281544                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        83384                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         4088                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     0.006842                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        43691                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        10362                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          511                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        10623                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        35193                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        68261                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       349528                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       746064                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         4088                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       764856                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       281544                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       546088                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization     1.951434                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2      3181931                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      6459266                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        10739                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         3759                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      9103283                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         4286                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          950                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    229099032                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    465067152                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       773208                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        30072                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     72826264                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        34288                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         7600                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization     2.094837                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0      9651945                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         4277                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          952                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      8185372                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      9103283                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     10569856                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     77215560                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       307944                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         7616                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    589346784                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     72826264                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     84558848                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization     0.012514                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        15039                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        36999                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         8755                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         3404                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        51225                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        11518                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         2198                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1082808                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      2663928                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       630360                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        27232                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       409800                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        92144                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        17584                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization     0.010615                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        60956                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        11355                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2198                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        24166                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        51225                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        88015                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       487648                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       817560                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        17584                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      1739952                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       409800                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       704120                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization     0.030464                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        23467                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       115480                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        10280                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         3713                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       137947                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        12056                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1566                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1689624                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      8314560                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       740160                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        29704                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1103576                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        96448                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        12528                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization     0.030791                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0       149274                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        12009                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         1566                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       103793                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       137947                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       183428                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0      1194192                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       864648                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        12528                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      7473096                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1103576                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      1467424                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     2.758594                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::0      9905866                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2      3225813                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      8323954                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      9327648                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      1588224                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1           19                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     10909560                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     79246928                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    232258536                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    599324688                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     74621184                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     12705792                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1          152                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     87276480                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     2.450465                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1      3225813                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2      3225830                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      6641772                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        11174                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      1588224                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      9327648                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      1588224                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        38283                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         4770                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      3225815                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     25806504                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    232259760                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    478207584                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        89392                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    114352128                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     74621184                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     12705792                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       306264                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        38160                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     25806520                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.113505                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1       806859                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2            5                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       396881                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       396915                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       806861                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      6454872                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          360                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     28575432                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      3175320                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      6454888                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.155714                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2       806859                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       396881                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1            7                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     58093848                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      3175048                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1           56                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.113416                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1       805695                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       396679                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       396711                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       805695                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      6445560                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     28560888                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      3173688                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      6445560                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.155496                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2       805695                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       396679                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     58010040                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      3173432                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.113419                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1       805955                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       396638                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       396670                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       805955                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      6447640                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          432                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     28557936                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      3173360                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      6447640                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.155543                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2       805955                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       396638                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     58028760                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      3173104                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.113755                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1       807304                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       398026                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       398058                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       807304                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      6458432                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          288                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     28657872                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      3184464                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      6458432                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.155818                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2       807304                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       398026                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     58125888                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      3184208                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000003                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000005                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          130                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1040                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.009034                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2         5376                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        30027                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         8227                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         5523                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        35193                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        10423                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          511                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       387072                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      2161944                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       592344                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        44184                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       281544                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        83384                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         4088                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     1.951434                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2      3181931                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      6459266                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        10739                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         3759                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      9103283                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         4286                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          950                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    229099032                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    465067152                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       773208                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        30072                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     72826264                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        34288                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         7600                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.link_utilization     0.012514                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::2        15039                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        36999                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         8755                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::2         3404                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        51225                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        11518                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         2198                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1082808                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      2663928                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       630360                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        27232                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       409800                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        92144                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        17584                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.link_utilization     0.030464                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::2        23467                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       115480                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        10280                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::2         3713                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       137947                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        12056                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1566                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1689624                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      8314560                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       740160                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        29704                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1103576                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        96448                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        12528                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.link_utilization     2.758594                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::0      9905866                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::2      3225813                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::2            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      8323954                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      9327648                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      1588224                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1           19                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     10909560                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     79246928                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    232258536                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    599324688                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     74621184                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     12705792                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1          152                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     87276480                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.link_utilization     0.113505                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::1       806859                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::2            5                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       396881                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       396915                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       806861                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      6454872                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          360                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     28575432                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      3175320                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      6454888                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.link_utilization     0.113416                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Request_Control::1       805695                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::2            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       396679                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       396711                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       805695                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      6445560                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     28560888                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      3173688                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      6445560                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.link_utilization     0.113419                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Request_Control::1       805955                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::2            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       396638                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       396670                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       805955                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      6447640                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          432                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     28557936                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      3173360                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      6447640                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.link_utilization     0.113755                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Request_Control::1       807304                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::2            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       398026                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       398058                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       807304                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      6458432                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          288                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     28657872                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      3184464                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      6458432                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.link_utilization     0.000003                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle10.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    220865141                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       3.555143                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.196098                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     18.003678                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   219902757     99.56%     99.56% |      881929      0.40%     99.96% |       12515      0.01%     99.97% |       26709      0.01%     99.98% |       28029      0.01%     99.99% |       13006      0.01%    100.00% |          86      0.00%    100.00% |          62      0.00%    100.00% |          30      0.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     220865141                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    209245757                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   209245757    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    209245757                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     11619384                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    49.569020                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    30.075590                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    62.660743                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |    10657000     91.72%     91.72% |      881929      7.59%     99.31% |       12515      0.11%     99.42% |       26709      0.23%     99.65% |       28029      0.24%     99.89% |       13006      0.11%    100.00% |          86      0.00%    100.00% |          62      0.00%    100.00% |          30      0.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     11619384                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples    119736289                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       5.368872                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.269726                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     24.723233                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |   119667889     99.94%     99.94% |       37760      0.03%     99.97% |       29846      0.02%    100.00% |         670      0.00%    100.00% |         118      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total     119736289                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    112045391                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   112045391    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    112045391                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      7690898                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    69.017094                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    41.173239                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    72.020408                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     7622498     99.11%     99.11% |       37760      0.49%     99.60% |       29846      0.39%     99.99% |         670      0.01%    100.00% |         118      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      7690898                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   1555655514                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.003259                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000370                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.510672                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  1555645497    100.00%    100.00% |        9737      0.00%    100.00% |          50      0.00%    100.00% |          57      0.00%    100.00% |         130      0.00%    100.00% |          43      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   1555655514                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   1555465163                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1555465163    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   1555465163                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       190351                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    27.634764                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    20.574767                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    37.709093                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      180334     94.74%     94.74% |        9737      5.12%     99.85% |          50      0.03%     99.88% |          57      0.03%     99.91% |         130      0.07%     99.98% |          43      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       190351                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       631853                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.156923                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.155357                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     8.351814                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |      630979     99.86%     99.86% |         834      0.13%     99.99% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       631853                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       601972                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      601972    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       601972                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        29881                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    25.463873                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    21.192134                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    30.080182                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       29007     97.08%     97.08% |         834      2.79%     99.87% |          15      0.05%     99.92% |           6      0.02%     99.94% |          13      0.04%     99.98% |           6      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        29881                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       329374                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean    16.742536                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     2.240493                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    43.869860                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      324191     98.43%     98.43% |        4215      1.28%     99.71% |         539      0.16%     99.87% |          91      0.03%     99.90% |         209      0.06%     99.96% |         115      0.03%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       329374                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       262634                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      262634    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       262634                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        66740                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    78.692269                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    53.580735                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    68.447802                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       61557     92.23%     92.23% |        4215      6.32%     98.55% |         539      0.81%     99.36% |          91      0.14%     99.49% |         209      0.31%     99.81% |         115      0.17%     99.98% |          10      0.01%     99.99% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        66740                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       329374                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      329374    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       329374                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       329374                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      329374    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       329374                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |      398160     24.99%     24.99% |      397949     24.98%     49.96% |      397930     24.97%     74.94% |      399318     25.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total      1593357                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS    |      408699     25.04%     25.04% |      407746     24.98%     50.01% |      408025     24.99%     75.01% |      407986     24.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS::total      1632456                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX    |      396874     24.99%     24.99% |      396677     24.98%     49.97% |      396633     24.97%     74.94% |      398016     25.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX::total      1588200                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTO_SHARERS |           7     29.17%     29.17% |           2      8.33%     37.50% |           5     20.83%     58.33% |          10     41.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTO_SHARERS::total           24                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Unblock |      403252     25.04%     25.04% |      402369     24.98%     50.02% |      402466     24.99%     75.01% |      402504     24.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Unblock::total      1610591                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Last_Unblock |        5447     24.91%     24.91% |        5377     24.59%     49.50% |        5559     25.42%     74.93% |        5482     25.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Last_Unblock::total        21865                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      398192     24.99%     24.99% |      397981     24.98%     49.96% |      397962     24.97%     74.94% |      399350     25.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1593485                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Dirty_Writeback |      396881     24.99%     24.99% |      396679     24.98%     49.97% |      396638     24.97%     74.94% |      398026     25.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Dirty_Writeback::total      1588224                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      806859     25.01%     25.01% |      805695     24.98%     49.99% |      805955     24.98%     74.97% |      807304     25.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      3225813                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      396913     24.99%     24.99% |      396711     24.98%     49.97% |      396670     24.97%     74.94% |      398058     25.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      1588352                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |          32     25.00%     25.00% |          32     25.00%     50.00% |          32     25.00%     75.00% |          32     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_ACK |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_ACK::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |           5     29.41%     29.41% |           2     11.76%     41.18% |           6     35.29%     76.47% |           4     23.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total           17                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX  |      128696     24.91%     24.91% |      128916     24.96%     49.87% |      128814     24.94%     74.81% |      130144     25.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX::total       516570                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETS  |      403252     25.04%     25.04% |      402369     24.98%     50.02% |      402466     24.99%     75.01% |      402504     24.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETS::total      1610591                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Memory_Ack |      396874     24.99%     24.99% |      396677     24.98%     49.97% |      396633     24.97%     74.94% |      398016     25.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Memory_Ack::total      1588200                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |          27     24.32%     24.32% |          30     27.03%     51.35% |          26     23.42%     74.77% |          28     25.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total          111                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETX  |      269464     25.02%     25.02% |      269033     24.98%     50.01% |      269116     24.99%     75.00% |      269174     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETX::total      1076787                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETS  |        5447     24.91%     24.91% |        5377     24.59%     49.50% |        5559     25.42%     74.93% |        5482     25.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETS::total        21865                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.Memory_Ack |           7     29.17%     29.17% |           2      8.33%     37.50% |           5     20.83%     58.33% |          10     41.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.Memory_Ack::total           24                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX  |      396874     24.99%     24.99% |      396677     24.98%     49.97% |      396633     24.97%     74.94% |      398016     25.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX::total      1588200                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTO_SHARERS |           7     29.17%     29.17% |           2      8.33%     37.50% |           5     20.83%     58.33% |          10     41.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTO_SHARERS::total           24                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |           5     29.41%     29.41% |           2     11.76%     41.18% |           6     35.29%     76.47% |           4     23.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total           17                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Unblock |      403252     25.04%     25.04% |      402369     24.98%     50.02% |      402466     24.99%     75.01% |      402504     24.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Unblock::total      1610591                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Memory_Data |      403252     25.04%     25.04% |      402369     24.98%     50.02% |      402466     24.99%     75.01% |      402504     24.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Memory_Data::total      1610591                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Last_Unblock |        5447     24.91%     24.91% |        5377     24.59%     49.50% |        5559     25.42%     74.93% |        5482     25.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Last_Unblock::total        21865                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Memory_Data |        5447     24.91%     24.91% |        5377     24.59%     49.50% |        5559     25.42%     74.93% |        5482     25.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Memory_Data::total        21865                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock |      398160     24.99%     24.99% |      397949     24.98%     49.96% |      397930     24.97%     74.94% |      399318     25.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1593357                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Data |      398160     24.99%     24.99% |      397949     24.98%     49.96% |      397930     24.97%     74.94% |      399318     25.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Data::total      1593357                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Dirty_Writeback |      396874     24.99%     24.99% |      396677     24.98%     49.97% |      396633     24.97%     74.94% |      398016     25.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Dirty_Writeback::total      1588200                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MIS.Dirty_Writeback |           7     29.17%     29.17% |           2      8.33%     37.50% |           5     20.83%     58.33% |          10     41.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MIS.Dirty_Writeback::total           24                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Exclusive_Unblock |          32     25.00%     25.00% |          32     25.00%     50.00% |          32     25.00%     75.00% |          32     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Exclusive_Unblock::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Memory_Ack |          32     25.00%     25.00% |          32     25.00%     50.00% |          32     25.00%     75.00% |          32     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Memory_Ack::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.OI_D.Data |           5     29.41%     29.41% |           2     11.76%     41.18% |           6     35.29%     76.47% |           4     23.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.OI_D.Data::total           17                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MD.DMA_ACK |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MD.DMA_ACK::total            2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total            2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total          128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total              2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.DMA_Ack       |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.DMA_Ack::total          128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.All_Acks      |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.All_Acks::total          128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total            2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total          128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.DMA_Ack |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.DMA_Ack::total          128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.All_Acks |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.All_Acks::total          128                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |      464654      0.41%      0.41% |   108215037     96.62%     97.04% |      781618      0.70%     97.73% |     2537556      2.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    111998865                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     2105053      0.27%      0.27% |   766081743     97.32%     97.59% |     3866802      0.49%     98.08% |    15101803      1.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    787155401                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |      354214      0.57%      0.57% |    58859591     95.31%     95.88% |      619554      1.00%     96.88% |     1925426      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     61758785                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |       37969      0.41%      0.41% |     9108740     97.49%     97.90% |       54968      0.59%     98.49% |      141233      1.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      9342910                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Own_GETX  |          61     21.79%     21.79% |           9      3.21%     25.00% |         163     58.21%     83.21% |          47     16.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Own_GETX::total          280                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |        2994     27.18%     27.18% |         872      7.92%     35.10% |        3467     31.48%     66.57% |        3682     33.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total        11015                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        8121     27.89%     27.89% |        3743     12.85%     40.74% |        8628     29.63%     70.37% |        8629     29.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        29121                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_DMA   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_DMA::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |         511      9.78%      9.78% |         950     18.18%     27.96% |        2198     42.07%     70.03% |        1566     29.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total         5225                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |        5523     33.68%     33.68% |        3759     22.92%     56.60% |        3404     20.76%     77.36% |        3713     22.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total        16399                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |       29698      1.12%      1.12% |     2538133     95.60%     96.72% |       36884      1.39%     98.11% |       50099      1.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total      2654814                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data |       13932      0.19%      0.19% |     7113803     98.11%     98.30% |       23909      0.33%     98.63% |       99128      1.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total      7250772                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |       24570      2.45%      2.45% |      917911     91.45%     93.90% |       27059      2.70%     96.60% |       34154      3.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total      1003694                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack_Data |       10623      0.13%      0.13% |     8185372     98.34%     98.46% |       24166      0.29%     98.75% |      103793      1.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack_Data::total      8323954                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks  |        8306      0.21%      0.21% |     3864223     98.50%     98.72% |       14133      0.36%     99.08% |       36234      0.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks::total      3922896                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_Timeout |       13993      0.19%      0.19% |     7113812     98.11%     98.30% |       24072      0.33%     98.63% |       99175      1.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_Timeout::total      7251052                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       14295      0.24%      0.24% |     5736707     97.96%     98.20% |       22221      0.38%     98.58% |       83030      1.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total      5856253                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |       21090     16.64%     16.64% |       51015     40.26%     56.90% |       24602     19.41%     76.32% |       30010     23.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total       126717                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |        6476      0.19%      0.19% |     3319022     98.49%     98.68% |       12027      0.36%     99.04% |       32379      0.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total      3369904                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        2771     22.20%     22.20% |        2682     21.49%     43.69% |        3743     29.99%     73.67% |        3286     26.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        12482                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      112972      0.28%      0.28% |    40265960     98.40%     98.67% |      189097      0.46%     99.14% |      353909      0.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total     40921938                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     2083963      0.26%      0.26% |   766030722     97.33%     97.60% |     3842200      0.49%     98.08% |    15071793      1.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total    787028678                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        1769      0.32%      0.32% |      545192     98.64%     98.96% |        1942      0.35%     99.31% |        3808      0.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total       552711                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |       27263      1.30%      1.30% |     1992087     95.01%     96.31% |       32539      1.55%     97.87% |       44737      2.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total      2096626                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Fwd_GETS |        2127     37.41%     37.41% |        1148     20.19%     57.60% |        1316     23.14%     80.74% |        1095     19.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Fwd_GETS::total         5686                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |         511      9.78%      9.78% |         950     18.19%     27.97% |        2197     42.06%     70.02% |        1566     29.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         5224                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load    |         166      1.89%      1.89% |         224      2.55%      4.44% |        7399     84.27%     88.71% |         991     11.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load::total         8780                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store   |          61     21.71%     21.71% |           9      3.20%     24.91% |         164     58.36%     83.27% |          47     16.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store::total          281                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_Replacement |         230     37.04%     37.04% |          98     15.78%     52.82% |         161     25.93%     78.74% |         132     21.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_Replacement::total          621                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETX |        1609     26.96%     26.96% |         145      2.43%     29.39% |        1984     33.24%     62.63% |        2230     37.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETX::total         5968                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETS |         411      7.24%      7.24% |         191      3.37%     10.61% |        2472     43.57%     54.19% |        2599     45.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETS::total         5673                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |       28097      0.54%      0.54% |     4960417     95.83%     96.38% |       35180      0.68%     97.06% |      152344      2.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      5176038                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |        1087      0.05%      0.05% |     2039062     97.82%     97.88% |        1790      0.09%     97.96% |       42486      2.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total      2084425                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |        1758      0.17%      0.17% |     1002318     98.11%     98.28% |        3859      0.38%     98.66% |       13689      1.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1021624                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |         516     33.57%     33.57% |          79      5.14%     38.71% |         737     47.95%     86.66% |         205     13.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total         1537                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |        1919     28.23%     28.23% |         225      3.31%     31.54% |        2245     33.02%     64.56% |        2409     35.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total         6798                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load  |        3358      0.25%      0.25% |     1298469     94.86%     95.11% |        6551      0.48%     95.59% |       60388      4.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load::total      1368766                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store |         355      0.17%      0.17% |      207921     97.27%     97.43% |        1341      0.63%     98.06% |        4148      1.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store::total       213765                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.L1_Replacement |           5      0.91%      0.91% |         546     99.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.L1_Replacement::total          551                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETX |          45     53.57%     53.57% |           6      7.14%     60.71% |           3      3.57%     64.29% |          30     35.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETX::total           84                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETS |         171     36.00%     36.00% |           6      1.26%     37.26% |         185     38.95%     76.21% |         113     23.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETS::total          475                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_Timeout |        5332      0.17%      0.17% |     3041668     97.66%     97.84% |        8598      0.28%     98.11% |       58793      1.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_Timeout::total      3114391                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |      304842      0.53%      0.53% |    55332254     95.34%     95.86% |      519707      0.90%     96.76% |     1880125      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total     58036928                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |      311865      0.63%      0.63% |    47055635     94.77%     95.40% |      534046      1.08%     96.47% |     1752392      3.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total     49653938                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement |        5942      0.10%      0.10% |     6108780     98.39%     98.49% |       14666      0.24%     98.72% |       79389      1.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement::total      6208777                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX |         815     24.06%     24.06% |         635     18.74%     42.80% |         735     21.69%     64.49% |        1203     35.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX::total         3388                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS |        2965     33.13%     33.13% |        1852     20.69%     53.82% |        1865     20.84%     74.66% |        2268     25.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS::total         8950                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_DMA |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_DMA::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load |         912      0.14%      0.14% |      620963     98.55%     98.70% |        1455      0.23%     98.93% |        6763      1.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load::total       630093                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store |       32601      0.55%      0.55% |     5692750     96.75%     97.31% |       68244      1.16%     98.47% |       90166      1.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store::total      5883761                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.L1_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2229    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.L1_Replacement::total         2229                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETX |           9     24.32%     24.32% |           7     18.92%     43.24% |           7     18.92%     62.16% |          14     37.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETX::total           37                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETS |         528     34.31%     34.31% |         321     20.86%     55.17% |         545     35.41%     90.58% |         145      9.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETS::total         1539                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_Timeout |        8661      0.21%      0.21% |     4072144     98.44%     98.65% |       15474      0.37%     99.02% |       40382      0.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_Timeout::total      4136661                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |        2599     30.57%     30.57% |        2139     25.16%     55.73% |        1656     19.48%     75.21% |        2107     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total         8501                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data |        6476      0.19%      0.19% |     3319022     98.49%     98.68% |       12029      0.36%     99.04% |       32379      0.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data::total      3369906                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        2684     47.71%     47.71% |        1114     19.80%     67.51% |         911     16.19%     83.70% |         917     16.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total         5626                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Exclusive_Data |        1769      0.32%      0.32% |      545192     98.64%     98.96% |        1941      0.35%     99.31% |        3808      0.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Exclusive_Data::total       552710                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Own_GETX |          61     21.79%     21.79% |           9      3.21%     25.00% |         163     58.21%     83.21% |          47     16.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Own_GETX::total          280                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Fwd_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack    |         240     10.56%     10.56% |         506     22.27%     32.83% |         837     36.84%     69.67% |         689     30.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack::total         2272                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks |        8306      0.21%      0.21% |     3864223     98.50%     98.72% |       14133      0.36%     99.08% |       36234      0.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks::total      3922896                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |       29698      1.12%      1.12% |     2538133     95.60%     96.72% |       36884      1.39%     98.11% |       50099      1.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total      2654814                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data |        5687      0.17%      0.17% |     3249589     97.64%     97.81% |        9939      0.30%     98.11% |       62941      1.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data::total      3328156                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Load   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          39     92.86%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           3      7.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Load::total           42                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Ifetch |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           6    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Ifetch::total            6                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack |       24570      2.45%      2.45% |      917911     91.45%     93.90% |       27059      2.70%     96.60% |       34154      3.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack::total      1003694                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack_Data |        2693      0.25%      0.25% |     1074176     98.28%     98.53% |        5480      0.50%     99.03% |       10583      0.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total      1092932                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack_Data |         230     37.04%     37.04% |          98     15.78%     52.82% |         161     25.93%     78.74% |         132     21.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total          621                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load   |          12     44.44%     44.44% |           4     14.81%     59.26% |           8     29.63%     88.89% |           3     11.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load::total           27                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack_Data |        7700      0.11%      0.11% |     7111098     98.35%     98.46% |       18525      0.26%     98.71% |       93078      1.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total      7230401                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS        5983898      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX        3922916      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTO            621      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX        7230401      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTS_only      1987498      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTS         109133      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX            17      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Fwd_DMA              2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.All_Acks       1593357      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Data           3225813      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_WBCLEANDATA      1092932      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_WBDIRTYDATA      7231022      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack      1588224      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock        3658508      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock      7251052      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.DmaAck               2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement      2672182      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS      1632456      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX      1042104      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_GETS         5686      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_GETX       546565      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_PUTS_only      1086387      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_PUTS         6545      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_GETS        15748      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_GETX         4925      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_PUTX      7230401      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.Fwd_DMA            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_GETS         2443      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_GETX          238      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_PUTO          337      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_GETS         3230      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_GETX         6011      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTO          284      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTS_only         3033      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTS         1363      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L1_GETS       901552      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L1_GETX         1882      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement      1076819      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_GETS          868      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_GETX           98      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_PUTS_only          201      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_PUTS          826      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L2_Replacement           24      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_GETS       101781      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_GETX         2806      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_PUTS_only       897876      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_PUTS       100395      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L2_Replacement         7139      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS      3319206      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX      2318267      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX           17      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement      1588200      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA          337      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.Unblock         3033      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA          284      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.Unblock         1363      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSW.L1_GETS            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSW.L1_PUTS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSW.Unblock       100395      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILSW.L1_WBCLEANDATA         6545      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IW.L1_GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IW.L1_WBCLEANDATA      1086387      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SW.Unblock       897876      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OXW.Unblock          201      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXW.Unblock          826      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA      7230401      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLS.L1_GETS            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLS.Unblock         5686      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOX.Unblock         2443      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOX.Exclusive_Unblock           98      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.L1_GETS          155      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.L1_GETX           14      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.Unblock         6798      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.Exclusive_Unblock        14113      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOSX.Unblock         3230      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.L1_GETS          127      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.L1_GETX            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.Exclusive_Unblock         6011      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.L1_GETS          632      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.Data       1632456      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.Unblock      1632456      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGM.Data       1043986      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMLS.Data       549371      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.All_Acks      1593357      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.Exclusive_Unblock      1593357      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock      2318267      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.Unblock       901552      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OO.Exclusive_Unblock      3319206      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXS.Unblock          868      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.L1_GETS            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.L1_PUTS_only            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.L1_PUTS            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.Unblock       101781      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack      1588200      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSI.Writeback_Ack           24      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXD.DmaAck            2      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
