
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.363908                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2363907978500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               55190667941001                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 136775                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   247927                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              246274818                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2000028                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  9598.66                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1312856954                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2379767008                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     49663488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          49663488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     19446016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       19446016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       775992                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             775992                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       303844                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            303844                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     21009061                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             21009061                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0      8226215                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             8226215                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0     29235277                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            29235277                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     775992                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    303844                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   775992                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  303844                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              49644096                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  19392                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               19445504                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               49663488                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            19446016                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   303                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            48081                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            48588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            45346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            46294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            48583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            45838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            44691                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            48981                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            48780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            46963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           51552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           50010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           48588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           50473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           52965                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           49956                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            19389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            19385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            18288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            18809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            19202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            17787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            17511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            18978                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            18655                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            17987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           19688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           18938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           18723                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           19923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           20864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           19709                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 2363907982500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               775992                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              303844                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 775370                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                    315                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                 12967                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                 13239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                 16816                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                 17554                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                 17504                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                 17427                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                 17400                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                 17369                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                 17362                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                 17375                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                 17380                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                 17361                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                 17352                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                 17356                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                 17348                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                 17342                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                 17338                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                 17337                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       378051                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   182.751724                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   122.623298                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   223.761398                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       177304     46.90%     46.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255       139758     36.97%     83.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        19406      5.13%     89.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         9231      2.44%     91.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         6158      1.63%     93.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         4353      1.15%     94.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         3756      0.99%     95.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         3563      0.94%     96.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        14522      3.84%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       378051                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        17337                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     44.738651                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    58.268608                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        16649     96.03%     96.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          546      3.15%     99.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           94      0.54%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           23      0.13%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           14      0.08%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            3      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            2      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            2      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2815            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3199            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        17337                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        17337                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.525293                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.502923                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.869056                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16            4115     23.74%     23.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17             244      1.41%     25.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18           12758     73.59%     98.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19             198      1.14%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20              20      0.12%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21               2      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        17337                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  5359684999                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            19903853749                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                3878445000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                     6909.58                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               25659.58                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       21.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        8.23                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    21.01                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     8.23                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     24.52                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  598462                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 103010                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                77.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               33.90                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                   2189136.11                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   64.98                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy              1409962680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy               769324875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             3044979600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy             973315440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        155204375040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        264229495830                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        1193963248500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          1619594701965                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           681.578991                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1978841697750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  78936000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 306123661500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy              1499979600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy               818441250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             3233443200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy            1011003120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        155204375040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        274451988690                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        1184996149500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          1621215380400                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           682.261026                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1963853031250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  78936000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 321117278000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     49678720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          49678720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     27464256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       27464256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       776230                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             776230                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       429129                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            429129                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     21015505                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             21015505                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     11618158                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            11618158                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1     32633663                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            32633663                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     776230                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    429129                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   776230                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  429129                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              49668736                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   9984                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               27463936                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               49678720                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            27464256                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   156                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            48797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            48148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            46056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            47231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            48199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            46033                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            45389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            48587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            48651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            47467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           51077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           48978                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           48451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           50089                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           52674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           50247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            27187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            27091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            26418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            26918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            26934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            25762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            25590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            26651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            26589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            26039                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           27331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           26533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           26500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           27581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           28485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           27515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 2363907733000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               776230                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              429129                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 775767                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                    303                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                 20347                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                 20791                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 23222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 24508                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 24603                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 24391                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 24367                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 24311                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 24287                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 24271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 24272                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 24265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 24255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 24259                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 24256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 24231                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 24229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 24228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       444939                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   173.355611                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   114.877158                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   209.772635                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127       243668     54.76%     54.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255       117454     26.40%     81.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        26991      6.07%     87.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        13097      2.94%     90.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639        20996      4.72%     94.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         5432      1.22%     96.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         3190      0.72%     96.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         3144      0.71%     97.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        10967      2.46%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       444939                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        24227                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     32.031700                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    43.747882                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        23818     98.31%     98.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          295      1.22%     99.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           64      0.26%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           36      0.15%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            8      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            2      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3199            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        24227                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        24227                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.712635                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.697037                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.725614                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16            3468     14.31%     14.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17             361      1.49%     15.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18           20125     83.07%     98.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19             231      0.95%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20              30      0.12%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21               7      0.03%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22               3      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::23               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::24               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        24227                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  5640506499                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            20191893999                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                3880370000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                     7268.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               26018.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       21.01                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       11.62                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    21.02                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    11.62                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     24.55                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  596104                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 164153                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                76.81                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               38.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                   1961164.88                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   63.08                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy              1663578000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy               907706250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             3060337800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy            1382734800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        155204375040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        236846900745                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        1217983068750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          1617048701385                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           680.507549                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2019091046500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  78936000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 265874840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              1751606640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy               955737750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             3220557600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy            1413398160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        155204375040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        244406744055                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        1211351627250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          1618304046495                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           681.035840                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2007884388750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  78936000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 277086292500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      4726008002                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                 1297391433                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                   2348607298                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses           1506637909                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses            1130300403                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     802242                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts    160856548                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                  1506637909                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                   1130300403                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads         2939977529                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes        1033725155                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads          1382500491                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes         1075410492                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           938937033                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes          528027892                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                    388306239                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                  349928444                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                  38377795                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              24721525.674382                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              4701286476.325618                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.994769                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.005231                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                        166248623                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass              3901088      0.17%      0.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu               1228705538     52.32%     52.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                 4265715      0.18%     52.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                      699      0.00%     52.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd              723444344     30.80%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead               349928444     14.90%     98.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite               38377795      1.63%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                2348623623                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      4725874823                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    5141362                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     10313733                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             10132395                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1893                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     262907                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       896359                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    10132395                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                         1893                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           19989038                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           8243286                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                3183                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes               1511                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads             6642852                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes            3531399                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      2264463                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    1470960                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                    793503                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              4703564243.998242                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              22310579.001758                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.004721                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.995279                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          1210416                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                74683      0.72%      0.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  7939401     76.98%     77.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   11661      0.11%     77.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                    22182      0.22%     78.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                   1434      0.01%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 1470960     14.26%     92.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                 793503      7.69%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  10313824                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      4729917259                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    1926355                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      4122280                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              4035677                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                    39                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     108862                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       320111                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     4035677                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                           39                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads            8073000                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           3335241                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                  63                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                 31                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             2476915                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            1262578                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                       934818                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     581872                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    352946                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              4721841035.095625                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              8076223.904375                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.001707                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.998293                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           464216                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                72026      1.75%      1.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  3082495     74.78%     76.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    7482      0.18%     76.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    25451      0.62%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                     30      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  581872     14.12%     91.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 352946      8.56%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   4122302                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      4729579351                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    3647362                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      7498227                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              7286355                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                   372                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     165390                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       595893                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     7286355                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                          372                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           14200542                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           6010663                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                 596                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                261                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             4552140                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            2784149                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      1527611                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                     948831                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    578780                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              4709656734.993573                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              19922616.006427                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.004212                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.995788                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                           821174                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                78117      1.04%      1.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  5857531     78.12%     79.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                    8315      0.11%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    26494      0.35%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                    244      0.00%     79.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     79.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     79.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     79.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     79.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     79.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     79.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     79.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     79.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     79.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     79.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     79.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     79.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     79.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     79.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     79.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     79.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     79.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     79.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     79.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     79.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     79.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     79.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                  948831     12.65%     92.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 578780      7.72%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   7498312                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  401                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 401                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                3069                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               3069                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq                54                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp               54                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           86                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          392                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1230                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1636                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          596                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1222                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1824                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          426                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          174                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1214                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1822                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          426                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1236                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1680                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    7048                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           44                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           44                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           44                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          172                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          220                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2460                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2708                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          340                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2444                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2796                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           87                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2428                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2771                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2745                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    11192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1587000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                18997                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy              112000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             1681467                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             1545988                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             1546490                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             1569489                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy               73460                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1202500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             1316500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             1357500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             1231000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages          356                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes      1458176                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs          356                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   2273811216                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.001963                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.001361                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.044258                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2269348651     99.80%     99.80% |     4462565      0.20%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   2273811216                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     2273811216                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.092270                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.004528                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         3.600406                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  2273449284     99.98%     99.98% |      332744      0.01%    100.00% |        8694      0.00%    100.00% |        5091      0.00%    100.00% |       10685      0.00%    100.00% |        4595      0.00%    100.00% |          84      0.00%    100.00% |          35      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       2273811216                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   2271260041                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2271260041    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   2271260041                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2551175                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    83.238192                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    56.059535                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    69.268044                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     2189243     85.81%     85.81% |      332744     13.04%     98.86% |        8694      0.34%     99.20% |        5091      0.20%     99.40% |       10685      0.42%     99.82% |        4595      0.18%    100.00% |          84      0.00%    100.00% |          35      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      2551175                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits    391050490                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses      2237235                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    393287725                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits   1861726974                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses        29979                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses   1861756953                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles           643                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits      2172949                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses        93229                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      2266178                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits      6627365                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses        36527                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses      6663892                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles             4                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits       913819                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses        20550                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       934369                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits      2500970                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        23117                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses      2524087                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1450317                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        79139                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1529456                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits      4817157                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        31399                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4848556                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles             2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       974471                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses      1576704                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses      2551175                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers0.percent_links_utilized     0.227131                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Request_Control::0      2267214                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Data::2      1462530                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       793855                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        16334                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        11983                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      1487959                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      4028736                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         5511                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          115                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      2793623                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     18137712                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    105302160                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     57157560                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1176048                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        95864                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    107133048                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     32229888                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        44088                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0          920                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     22348984                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.percent_links_utilized     0.013464                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Request_Control::0       129756                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Data::2        18165                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        99691                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        24472                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         8077                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        78899                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       233612                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        12592                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         3519                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       167663                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0      1038048                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1307880                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      7177752                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1761984                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        64616                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      5680728                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1868896                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       100736                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        28152                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      1341304                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.percent_links_utilized     0.003877                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Request_Control::0        43667                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Data::2         1505                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        29341                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        22657                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Control::2         7631                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         5558                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        65264                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         9850                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         4464                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        70741                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       349336                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       108360                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      2112552                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1631304                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        61048                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       400176                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       522112                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        78800                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        35712                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       565928                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.percent_links_utilized     0.010703                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Request_Control::0       110538                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Data::2        47425                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        51584                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        30794                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Control::2         4696                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        45769                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       161858                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        19299                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1764                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       145698                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       884304                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      3414600                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3714048                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      2217168                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        37568                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      3295368                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1294864                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       154392                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        14112                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      1165584                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.percent_links_utilized     0.382189                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Request_Control::0      2551175                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Request_Control::1      1529625                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::2      3059451                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       974471                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Control::2        12663                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      2351158                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      4489470                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      1465946                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        47252                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          374                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         6788                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      4707724                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     20409400                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     12237000                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    220280472                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     70161912                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       101304                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    169283376                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     35915760                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     11727568                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       378016                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         2992                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        54304                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     37661792                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.percent_links_utilized     0.062754                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Request_Control::1       764692                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::2       775992                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       303844                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       619212                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          224                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       764916                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      6117536                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     55871424                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     21876768                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      4953696                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         1792                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      6119328                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.percent_links_utilized     0.070054                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Request_Control::1       764933                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Response_Data::2       776230                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       429129                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       869705                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          150                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       765083                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      6119464                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     55888560                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     30897288                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      6957640                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         1200                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      6120664                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.percent_links_utilized     0.001215                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.Response_Data::2        22798                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          173                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        22971                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1641456                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        12456                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       183768                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.percent_links_utilized     0.085711                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Request_Control::0      2551175                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Request_Control::1      1529625                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Response_Data::2      3082048                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       974471                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        47215                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Response_Control::2        22525                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      2351158                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      4489470                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      1488917                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        47252                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          374                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         9862                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      4707724                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     20409400                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     12237000                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    221907456                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     70161912                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      3399480                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       180200                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    169283376                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     35915760                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     11911336                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       378016                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         2992                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        78896                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     37661792                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control     12242400                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data      9246144                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data      2923413                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data       141645                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control        67575                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      7053474                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     17935161                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Forwarded_Control       142878                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Invalidate_Control        26512                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Unblock_Control     14123172                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control     97939200                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data    665722368                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.ResponseL2hit_Data    210485736                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.ResponseLocal_Data     10198440                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control       540600                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    507850128                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    143481288                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Forwarded_Control      1143024                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Invalidate_Control       212096                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Unblock_Control    112985376                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.link_utilization     0.237284                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2      1462530                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       793855                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        10826                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        11830                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2014368                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         5511                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          115                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    105302160                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     57157560                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       779472                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        94640                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     16114944                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        44088                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0          920                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.link_utilization     0.216977                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0      2267214                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         5508                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          153                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      1487959                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2014368                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      2793623                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     18137712                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       396576                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         1224                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    107133048                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     16114944                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     22348984                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.link_utilization     0.013802                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        18165                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        99691                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        11890                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         4457                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       116806                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        12592                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         3519                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1307880                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      7177752                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       856080                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        35656                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       934448                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       100736                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        28152                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.link_utilization     0.013126                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0       129756                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        12582                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         3620                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        78899                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       116806                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       167663                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0      1038048                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       905904                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        28960                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      5680728                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       934448                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      1341304                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.link_utilization     0.004685                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2         1505                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        29341                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        12814                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         3152                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        32632                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         9850                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         4464                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       108360                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      2112552                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       922608                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        25216                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       261056                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        78800                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        35712                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.link_utilization     0.003068                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        43667                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         9843                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         4479                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         5558                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        32632                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        70741                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       349336                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       708696                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        35832                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       400176                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       261056                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       565928                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.link_utilization     0.011629                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        47425                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        51584                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        11512                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2913                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        80929                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        19299                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1764                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      3414600                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3714048                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       828864                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        23304                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       647432                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       154392                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        14112                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.link_utilization     0.009776                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0       110538                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        19282                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         1783                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        45769                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        80929                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       145698                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       884304                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1388304                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        14264                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      3295368                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       647432                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      1165584                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.link_utilization     0.391697                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::0      2551175                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2      1529625                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2          173                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      1618185                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2244735                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       732973                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          374                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      3177725                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     20409400                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    110133000                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         1384                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    116509320                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     17957880                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      5863784                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         2992                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     25421800                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.link_utilization     0.372680                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1      1529625                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2      1529826                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       974471                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        12490                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       732973                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2244735                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       732973                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        47252                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         6788                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      1529999                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     12237000                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    110147472                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     70161912                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        99920                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     52774056                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     17957880                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      5863784                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       378016                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        54304                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     12239992                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.link_utilization     0.048432                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1       764692                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       303844                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       315368                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       764916                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      6117536                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     21876768                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      2522944                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      6119328                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.link_utilization     0.077076                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2       775992                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       303844                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          224                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     55871424                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      2430752                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         1792                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.link_utilization     0.061685                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1       764933                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       429129                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       440576                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       765083                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      6119464                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     30897288                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      3524608                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      6120664                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.link_utilization     0.078423                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2       776230                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       429129                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          150                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     55888560                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      3433032                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         1200                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.link_utilization     0.002186                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        22798                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          173                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1641456                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        12456                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000243                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        22971                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       183768                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.link_utilization     0.237284                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2      1462530                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       793855                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        10826                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        11830                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2014368                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         5511                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          115                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    105302160                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     57157560                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       779472                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        94640                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     16114944                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        44088                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0          920                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.link_utilization     0.013802                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2        18165                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        99691                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        11890                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         4457                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       116806                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        12592                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         3519                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1307880                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      7177752                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       856080                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        35656                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       934448                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       100736                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        28152                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.link_utilization     0.004685                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::2         1505                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        29341                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        12814                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::2         3152                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        32632                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         9850                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         4464                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       108360                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      2112552                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       922608                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        25216                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       261056                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        78800                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        35712                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.link_utilization     0.011629                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::2        47425                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        51584                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        11512                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2913                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        80929                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        19299                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1764                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      3414600                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3714048                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       828864                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        23304                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       647432                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       154392                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        14112                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.link_utilization     0.391697                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::0      2551175                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::2      1529625                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::2          173                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      1618185                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2244735                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       732973                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          374                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      3177725                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     20409400                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    110133000                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         1384                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    116509320                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     17957880                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      5863784                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         2992                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     25421800                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.link_utilization     0.048432                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::1       764692                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       303844                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       315368                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       764916                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      6117536                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     21876768                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      2522944                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      6119328                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.link_utilization     0.061685                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Request_Control::1       764933                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       429129                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       440576                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       765083                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      6119464                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     30897288                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      3524608                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      6120664                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.link_utilization     0.002186                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::2        22798                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          173                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1641456                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        12456                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle8.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    356421076                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.323595                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.017722                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      6.669755                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   356159730     99.93%     99.93% |      244874      0.07%    100.00% |        3993      0.00%    100.00% |        4186      0.00%    100.00% |        5993      0.00%    100.00% |        2276      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     356421076                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    354770792                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   354770792    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    354770792                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1650284                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    70.888525                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    44.434583                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    68.891378                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     1388938     84.16%     84.16% |      244874     14.84%     99.00% |        3993      0.24%     99.24% |        4186      0.25%     99.50% |        5993      0.36%     99.86% |        2276      0.14%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1650284                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     39941990                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       3.183561                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.089846                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     17.775615                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    39847293     99.76%     99.76% |       82819      0.21%     99.97% |        4333      0.01%     99.98% |         809      0.00%     99.98% |        4442      0.01%     99.99% |        2201      0.01%    100.00% |          66      0.00%    100.00% |          23      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      39941990                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     39214157                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    39214157    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     39214157                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       727833                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   120.829380                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   112.334867                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    56.942994                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      633136     86.99%     86.99% |       82819     11.38%     98.37% |        4333      0.60%     98.96% |         809      0.11%     99.07% |        4442      0.61%     99.68% |        2201      0.30%     99.99% |          66      0.01%    100.00% |          23      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       727833                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   1875793488                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.001465                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000191                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.302587                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  1875790397    100.00%    100.00% |        2979      0.00%    100.00% |          32      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |          51      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   1875793488                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   1875672466                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1875672466    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   1875672466                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       121022                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    23.708615                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    19.199531                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    30.058051                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      117931     97.45%     97.45% |        2979      2.46%     99.91% |          32      0.03%     99.93% |          12      0.01%     99.94% |          51      0.04%     99.99% |          15      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       121022                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      1233284                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.180574                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.021026                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.356765                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |     1233025     99.98%     99.98% |         249      0.02%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      1233284                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1225211                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1225211    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      1225211                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         8073                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    28.585656                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    24.016036                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    31.072251                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        7814     96.79%     96.79% |         249      3.08%     99.88% |           2      0.02%     99.90% |           3      0.04%     99.94% |           4      0.05%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         8073                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       210689                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean    21.320885                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     2.477646                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    49.582409                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      208150     98.79%     98.79% |        1823      0.87%     99.66% |         334      0.16%     99.82% |          81      0.04%     99.86% |         195      0.09%     99.95% |         102      0.05%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       210689                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       166726                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      166726    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       166726                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        43963                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    98.386143                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    77.339223                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    65.396505                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       41424     94.22%     94.22% |        1823      4.15%     98.37% |         334      0.76%     99.13% |          81      0.18%     99.32% |         195      0.44%     99.76% |         102      0.23%     99.99% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        43963                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       210689                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      210689    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       210689                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       210689                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      210689    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       210689                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |      303575     41.45%     41.45% |      428900     58.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total       732475                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS    |      461117     57.85%     57.85% |      336033     42.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS::total       797150                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX    |      303820     41.45%     41.45% |      429093     58.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX::total       732913                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTO_SHARERS |          24     40.00%     40.00% |          36     60.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTO_SHARERS::total           60                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Unblock |      300870     56.55%     56.55% |      231201     43.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Unblock::total       532071                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Last_Unblock |      160247     60.45%     60.45% |      104832     39.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Last_Unblock::total       265079                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      303575     41.45%     41.45% |      428900     58.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total       732475                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Dirty_Writeback |      303844     41.45%     41.45% |      429129     58.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Dirty_Writeback::total       732973                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      775992     49.99%     49.99% |      776230     50.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1552222                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      303844     41.45%     41.45% |      429129     58.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       732973                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |       11524     50.17%     50.17% |       11447     49.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total        22971                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_ACK |         224     59.89%     59.89% |         150     40.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_ACK::total          374                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX  |       44374     16.10%     16.10% |      231203     83.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX::total       275577                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETS  |      300870     56.55%     56.55% |      231201     43.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETS::total       532071                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Memory_Ack |      303820     41.45%     41.45% |      429093     58.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Memory_Ack::total       732913                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |       11300     50.01%     50.01% |       11297     49.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total        22597                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETX  |      259201     56.73%     56.73% |      197697     43.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETX::total       456898                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETS  |      160247     60.45%     60.45% |      104832     39.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETS::total       265079                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.Memory_Ack |          24     40.00%     40.00% |          36     60.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.Memory_Ack::total           60                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX  |      303820     41.45%     41.45% |      429093     58.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX::total       732913                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTO_SHARERS |          24     40.00%     40.00% |          36     60.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTO_SHARERS::total           60                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |         224     59.89%     59.89% |         150     40.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total          374                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Unblock |      300870     56.55%     56.55% |      231201     43.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Unblock::total       532071                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Memory_Data |      300870     56.55%     56.55% |      231201     43.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Memory_Data::total       532071                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Last_Unblock |      160247     60.45%     60.45% |      104832     39.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Last_Unblock::total       265079                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Memory_Data |      160247     60.45%     60.45% |      104832     39.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Memory_Data::total       265079                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock |      303575     41.45%     41.45% |      428900     58.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock::total       732475                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Data |      303575     41.45%     41.45% |      428900     58.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Data::total       732475                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Dirty_Writeback |      303820     41.45%     41.45% |      429093     58.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Dirty_Writeback::total       732913                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MIS.Dirty_Writeback |          24     40.00%     40.00% |          36     60.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MIS.Dirty_Writeback::total           60                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_M.Memory_Data |       11300     50.01%     50.01% |       11297     49.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_M.Memory_Data::total        22597                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MD.DMA_ACK |         224     59.89%     59.89% |         150     40.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MD.DMA_ACK::total          374                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |       22971    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total        22971                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |       22971    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total          22971                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |       22971    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total        22971                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |       22971    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total        22971                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |   353708028     99.24%     99.24% |     1344123      0.38%     99.62% |      540471      0.15%     99.77% |      828573      0.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    356421195                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |  1861756953     99.25%     99.25% |     6663892      0.36%     99.61% |     2524087      0.13%     99.74% |     4848556      0.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total   1875793488                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    39579808     95.15%     95.15% |      922055      2.22%     97.37% |      393898      0.95%     98.32% |      700891      1.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     41596652                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     2016949     89.28%     89.28% |      120258      5.32%     94.60% |       36656      1.62%     96.23% |       85259      3.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      2259122                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Own_GETX  |           3      8.11%      8.11% |          10     27.03%     35.14% |           7     18.92%     54.05% |          17     45.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Own_GETX::total           37                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |         311      2.50%      2.50% |        3413     27.41%     29.90% |        3152     25.31%     55.22% |        5577     44.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total        12453                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        5180     14.93%     14.93% |        9118     26.28%     41.21% |        6692     19.29%     60.50% |       13705     39.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        34695                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_DMA   |          38     21.97%     21.97% |         101     58.38%     80.35% |          15      8.67%     89.02% |          19     10.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_DMA::total          173                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |         115      1.17%      1.17% |        3519     35.68%     36.85% |        4464     45.26%     82.11% |        1764     17.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total         9862                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |       11830     52.93%     52.93% |        4457     19.94%     72.87% |        3152     14.10%     86.97% |        2913     13.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total        22352                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |     1299385     89.36%     89.36% |       54871      3.77%     93.13% |       34309      2.36%     95.49% |       65581      4.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total      1454146                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data |      967826     88.23%     88.23% |       74875      6.83%     95.05% |        9351      0.85%     95.90% |       44940      4.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total      1096992                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |      526409     84.02%     84.02% |       37907      6.05%     90.07% |       27074      4.32%     94.39% |       35160      5.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total       626550                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack_Data |     1487959     91.95%     91.95% |       78899      4.88%     96.83% |        5558      0.34%     97.17% |       45769      2.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack_Data::total      1618185                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks  |      726209     93.12%     93.12% |       19187      2.46%     95.58% |        4309      0.55%     96.13% |       30164      3.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks::total       779869                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_Timeout |      967829     88.22%     88.22% |       74885      6.83%     95.05% |        9358      0.85%     95.90% |       44956      4.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_Timeout::total      1097028                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |     1511026     91.56%     91.56% |       74042      4.49%     96.05% |       16241      0.98%     97.03% |       48975      2.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total      1650284                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |       29979     24.77%     24.77% |       36527     30.18%     54.95% |       23117     19.10%     74.06% |       31399     25.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total       121022                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |      478034     94.48%     94.48% |       15058      2.98%     97.45% |        2863      0.57%     98.02% |       10020      1.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total       505975                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        1939     14.11%     14.11% |        3452     25.12%     39.22% |        4024     29.28%     68.50% |        4329     31.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        13744                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |   274247414     99.79%     99.79% |      226852      0.08%     99.87% |      149256      0.05%     99.92% |      212349      0.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total    274835871                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |  1861726974     99.26%     99.26% |     6627365      0.35%     99.61% |     2500970      0.13%     99.74% |     4817157      0.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total   1875672466                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |      248172     90.62%     90.62% |        4119      1.50%     92.13% |        1439      0.53%     92.65% |       20127      7.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total       273857                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |     1050756     89.80%     89.80% |       47666      4.07%     93.87% |       28270      2.42%     96.29% |       43442      3.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total      1170134                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Fwd_GETS |         748     20.47%     20.47% |        1481     40.52%     60.98% |         767     20.98%     81.97% |         659     18.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Fwd_GETS::total         3655                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |         115      1.17%      1.17% |        3519     35.68%     36.85% |        4464     45.26%     82.11% |        1764     17.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         9862                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load    |          87      0.83%      0.83% |        3786     36.05%     36.88% |         795      7.57%     44.45% |        5834     55.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load::total        10502                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store   |           3      8.11%      8.11% |          10     27.03%     35.14% |           7     18.92%     54.05% |          17     45.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store::total           37                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_Replacement |         116     23.06%     23.06% |          85     16.90%     39.96% |         134     26.64%     66.60% |         168     33.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_Replacement::total          503                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETX |         120      1.11%      1.11% |        2986     27.73%     28.85% |        2538     23.57%     52.42% |        5123     47.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETX::total        10767                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETS |         115      1.18%      1.18% |        2227     22.86%     24.05% |        1518     15.59%     39.63% |        5880     60.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETS::total         9740                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |    16437719     99.06%     99.06% |      101487      0.61%     99.67% |       12461      0.08%     99.75% |       41853      0.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     16593520                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |       15996     33.64%     33.64% |       28870     60.72%     94.37% |         572      1.20%     95.57% |        2106      4.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total        47544                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |       48054     67.96%     67.96% |       16868     23.86%     91.81% |        1221      1.73%     93.54% |        4567      6.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total        70710                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |          12      1.89%      1.89% |         121     19.09%     20.98% |         270     42.59%     63.56% |         231     36.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total          634                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |         161      1.42%      1.42% |        3222     28.45%     29.87% |        2699     23.83%     53.71% |        5242     46.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total        11324                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load  |      206335     75.61%     75.61% |       54311     19.90%     95.51% |        2915      1.07%     96.58% |        9347      3.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load::total       272908                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store |      177392     94.90%     94.90% |        6692      3.58%     98.48% |         273      0.15%     98.63% |        2570      1.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store::total       186927                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.L1_Replacement |         642    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.L1_Replacement::total          642                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETS |           8     22.22%     22.22% |          22     61.11%     83.33% |           3      8.33%     91.67% |           3      8.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETS::total           36                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_Timeout |       64228     49.32%     49.32% |       49006     37.63%     86.95% |        4776      3.67%     90.62% |       12222      9.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_Timeout::total       130232                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |    61257134     97.25%     97.25% |      876596      1.39%     98.64% |      358497      0.57%     99.21% |      495795      0.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total     62988022                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |    37970066     95.57%     95.57% |      818001      2.06%     97.63% |      380843      0.96%     98.59% |      561336      1.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total     39730246                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement |      915442     91.24%     91.24% |       52187      5.20%     96.44% |        3007      0.30%     96.74% |       32752      3.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement::total      1003388                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX |         179     17.02%     17.02% |         306     29.09%     46.10% |         344     32.70%     78.80% |         223     21.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX::total         1052                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS |        4135     41.89%     41.89% |        2138     21.66%     63.56% |        1692     17.14%     80.70% |        1905     19.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS::total         9870                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_DMA |          38     21.97%     21.97% |         101     58.38%     80.35% |          15      8.67%     89.02% |          19     10.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_DMA::total          173                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load |       48202     68.89%     68.89% |        7049     10.07%     78.96% |         306      0.44%     79.40% |       14412     20.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load::total        69969                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store |      690145     81.00%     81.00% |       49305      5.79%     86.78% |        7901      0.93%     87.71% |      104715     12.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store::total       852066                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.L1_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.L1_Replacement::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETS |          13     18.57%     18.57% |          28     40.00%     58.57% |          13     18.57%     77.14% |          16     22.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETS::total           70                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_Timeout |      903601     93.46%     93.46% |       25879      2.68%     96.14% |        4582      0.47%     96.61% |       32734      3.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_Timeout::total       966796                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |        4630     42.22%     42.22% |        2356     21.48%     63.71% |        1839     16.77%     80.48% |        2141     19.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total        10966                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data |      478034     94.48%     94.48% |       15058      2.98%     97.45% |        2863      0.57%     98.02% |       10020      1.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data::total       505975                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        6944     64.21%     64.21% |        1973     18.24%     82.45% |        1251     11.57%     94.02% |         647      5.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total        10815                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Exclusive_Data |      248172     90.62%     90.62% |        4119      1.50%     92.13% |        1439      0.53%     92.65% |       20127      7.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Exclusive_Data::total       273857                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Own_GETX |           3      8.11%      8.11% |          10     27.03%     35.14% |           7     18.92%     54.05% |          17     45.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Own_GETX::total           37                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack    |         256     44.83%     44.83% |         128     22.42%     67.25% |          62     10.86%     78.11% |         125     21.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack::total          571                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks |      726209     93.12%     93.12% |       19187      2.46%     95.58% |        4309      0.55%     96.13% |       30164      3.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks::total       779869                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |     1299385     89.36%     89.36% |       54871      3.77%     93.13% |       34309      2.36%     95.49% |       65581      4.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total      1454146                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data |      241620     76.18%     76.18% |       55698     17.56%     93.74% |        5049      1.59%     95.34% |       14793      4.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data::total       317160                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Load   |         102     93.58%     93.58% |           0      0.00%     93.58% |           0      0.00%     93.58% |           7      6.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Load::total          109                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack |      526409     84.02%     84.02% |       37907      6.05%     90.07% |       27074      4.32%     94.39% |       35160      5.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack::total       626550                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack_Data |      524347     96.46%     96.46% |        9759      1.80%     98.26% |        1196      0.22%     98.48% |        8282      1.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total       543584                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack_Data |         116     23.06%     23.06% |          85     16.90%     39.96% |         134     26.64%     66.60% |         168     33.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total          503                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load   |           9     90.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           1     10.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load::total           10                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack_Data |      963496     89.70%     89.70% |       69055      6.43%     96.13% |        4228      0.39%     96.53% |       37319      3.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total      1074098                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS        1771334      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX         779869      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTO            503      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX        1074098      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTS_only      1070532      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTS          99602      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Fwd_DMA            374      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.All_Acks        732475      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Data           1529625      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_WBCLEANDATA       543584      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_WBDIRTYDATA      1074601      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack       732973      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock        2080696      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock      1097029      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.DmaAck             173      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement      1262543      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS       797150      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX       462061      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_GETS         3655      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_GETX       258862      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_PUTS_only       539019      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_PUTS         4565      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_GETS        21194      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_GETX         1686      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_PUTX      1074098      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.Fwd_DMA          173      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_GETS         2849      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_GETX         1017      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_PUTO          335      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_GETS         6891      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_GETX         9787      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTO          168      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTS_only         4217      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTS          927      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L1_GETS       537224      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L1_GETX         2605      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement       524024      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_GETS         1681      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_GETX           35      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_PUTS_only           74      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_PUTS         1646      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L2_Replacement           60      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_GETS        93372      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_GETX         8947      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_PUTS_only       527222      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_PUTS        92464      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L2_Replacement         5546      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS       307290      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX        34869      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_DMA          201      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement       732913      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA          335      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.Unblock         4217      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA          168      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.Unblock          927      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSW.Unblock        92464      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILSW.L1_WBCLEANDATA         4565      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IW.L1_WBCLEANDATA       539019      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SW.Unblock       527222      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OXW.Unblock           74      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXW.Unblock         1646      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA      1074098      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLS.Unblock         3655      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOX.Unblock         2849      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOX.Exclusive_Unblock           35      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.L1_GETS           18      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.Unblock        11324      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.Exclusive_Unblock        12573      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOSX.Unblock         6891      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.L1_GETS           10      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.Exclusive_Unblock         9787      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.Data        797150      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.Unblock       797150      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGM.Data        464666      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMLS.Data       267809      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.All_Acks       732475      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.Exclusive_Unblock       732475      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock        34869      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.Unblock       537224      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OO.Exclusive_Unblock       307290      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXS.Unblock         1681      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.Unblock        93372      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack       732913      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSI.Writeback_Ack           60      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXD.DmaAck          173      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.514286                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2514285769000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               55341045731501                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 135938                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   246574                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              245850152                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2303132                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 10226.90                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1390226271                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2521688020                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     56181056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          56181056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     22531328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       22531328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       877829                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             877829                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       352052                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            352052                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     22344738                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             22344738                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0      8961323                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             8961323                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0     31306061                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            31306061                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     877829                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    352052                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   877829                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  352052                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              56160832                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  20224                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               22531200                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               56181056                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            22531328                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   316                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            53996                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            54431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            51446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            52544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            55305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            51929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            50245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            54836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            54922                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            53491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           58533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           57076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           54948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           57106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           59848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           56857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            22175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            22148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            21156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            21818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            22455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            20811                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            20043                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            21789                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            21533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            21070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           22911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           22358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           21648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           23058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           24063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           23014                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 2514285680000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               877829                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              352052                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 876472                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   1022                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                     19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                 14977                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                 15340                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                 19470                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                 20317                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                 20275                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                 20192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                 20176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                 20146                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                 20138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                 20140                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                 20143                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                 20124                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                 20117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                 20117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                 20104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                 20086                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                 20081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                 20081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                    24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       432689                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   181.867568                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   121.745190                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   223.913003                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       205635     47.52%     47.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255       156694     36.21%     83.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        22800      5.27%     89.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        10646      2.46%     91.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         7190      1.66%     93.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         4838      1.12%     94.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         4108      0.95%     95.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         3976      0.92%     96.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        16802      3.88%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       432689                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        20081                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     43.696728                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    55.028281                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        19382     96.52%     96.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          554      2.76%     99.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           96      0.48%     99.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           24      0.12%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           14      0.07%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            3      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            2      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            2      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2815            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3199            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        20081                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        20081                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.531497                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.508491                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.882723                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16            4779     23.80%     23.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17             307      1.53%     25.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18           14607     72.74%     98.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19             331      1.65%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20              49      0.24%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21               6      0.03%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::23               2      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        20081                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  6160152998                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            22613521748                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                4387565000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                     7020.01                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               25770.01                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       22.34                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        8.96                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    22.34                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     8.96                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     24.51                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  672345                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 124529                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                76.62                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               35.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                   2044332.48                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   64.81                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy              1605638160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy               876092250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             3421984800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy            1122653520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        165026702880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        296249415120                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        1256105779500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          1724408266230                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           682.495328                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2082020373750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  83957640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 348306978000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy              1717374960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy               937059750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             3650696400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy            1174091760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        165026702880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        308029412745                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        1245772448250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          1726307786745                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           683.247131                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2064749743750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  83957640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 365582659500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     58447488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          58447488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     30561600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       30561600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       913242                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             913242                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       477525                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            477525                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     23246159                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             23246159                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     12155182                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            12155182                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1     35401341                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            35401341                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     913242                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    477525                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   913242                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  477525                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              58435968                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  11520                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               30562304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               58447488                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            30561600                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   180                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            56943                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            56182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            54315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            55679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            57065                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            54318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            53143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            56645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            56973                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            56180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           60283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           58266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           57047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           58887                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           61786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           59350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            29996                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            29856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            29294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            29957                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            30189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            28795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            28129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            29487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            29460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            29151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           30575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           29965                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           29436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           30721                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           31703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           30822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 2514283453000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               913242                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              477525                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 912053                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                    991                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                     18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                 22354                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                 22888                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 25906                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 27272                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 27384                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 27167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 27152                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 27098                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 27074                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 27044                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 27055                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 27042                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 27027                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 27032                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 27021                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 26991                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 26988                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 26986                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       504129                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   176.539068                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   116.184396                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   213.721854                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127       273787     54.31%     54.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255       133207     26.42%     80.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        30343      6.02%     86.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        14768      2.93%     89.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639        25223      5.00%     94.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         6414      1.27%     95.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         3526      0.70%     96.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         3537      0.70%     97.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13324      2.64%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       504129                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        26985                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     33.837465                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    68.498777                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        26854     99.51%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-511          104      0.39%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            9      0.03%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            2      0.01%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279            2      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535            1      0.00%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791            1      0.00%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            3      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            5      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        26985                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        26985                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.696350                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.679613                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.752402                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16            4134     15.32%     15.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17             439      1.63%     16.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18           21997     81.52%     98.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19             344      1.27%     99.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20              53      0.20%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21              12      0.04%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22               4      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::23               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::24               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        26985                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  6607375497                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            23727287997                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                4565310000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                     7236.50                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               25986.50                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       23.24                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       12.16                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    23.25                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    12.16                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     24.54                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  700697                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 185773                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                76.74                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               38.90                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                   1807839.45                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   63.75                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy              1876467600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy              1023866250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             3573991200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy            1532759760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        165026702880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        269930820510                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        1279192266000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          1722156874200                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           681.604261                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2120711594000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  83957640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 309615917750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              1986201000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy              1083740625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             3775441800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy            1577082960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        165026702880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        279332549280                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        1270945135500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          1723726854045                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           682.225636                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2106806271250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  83957640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 323525221250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      5029955887                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                 1300127719                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                   2353735029                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses           1511715497                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses            1130316630                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     895944                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts    161264713                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                  1511715497                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                   1130316630                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads         2950005196                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes        1037776770                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads          1382526840                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes         1075423327                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           941651763                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes          529836472                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                    389431817                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                  350574588                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                  38857229                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              312699843.535103                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              4717256043.464897                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.937832                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.062168                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                        166816092                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass              3919515      0.17%      0.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu               1232670413     52.37%     52.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                 4269057      0.18%     52.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                     4341      0.00%     52.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd              723456476     30.74%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                     48      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead               350574588     14.89%     98.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite               38857229      1.65%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                2353751667                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      5027238519                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   78134404                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                    143985136                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            142751507                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses               1337123                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                    4277373                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     10368560                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   142751507                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                      1337123                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          295965209                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         113792807                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads              365404                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes            1003550                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads            71702868                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           43367330                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     35425933                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   23440385                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  11985548                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              4719460764.151299                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              307777754.848701                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.061222                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.938778                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         16832255                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               128279      0.09%      0.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                107672656     74.78%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   56932      0.04%     74.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                    27923      0.02%     74.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                 674145      0.47%     75.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                     32      0.00%     75.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                23440385     16.28%     91.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               11985548      8.32%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                 143985900                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      5032189742                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    3032948                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      6217366                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              6096572                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                  3147                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     158146                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       478555                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     6096572                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                         3147                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           12310970                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           4986772                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                5124                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes               2476                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             3606308                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            1953439                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      1453673                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     895219                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    558454                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              5018580680.943990                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              13609061.056010                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.002704                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.997296                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           688878                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                88064      1.42%      1.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  4635655     74.56%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    9239      0.15%     76.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    28589      0.46%     76.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                   2372      0.04%     76.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  895219     14.40%     91.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 558454      8.98%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   6217592                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      5024459511                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    4180758                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      8525019                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              8292812                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                  7824                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     192117                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       665940                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     8292812                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                         7824                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           16288791                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           6808833                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads               12908                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes               6233                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             5052665                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            3085574                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      1796335                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    1109859                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    686476                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              5001829600.380910                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              22629910.619091                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.004504                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.995496                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                           928664                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                86664      1.02%      1.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  6600095     77.42%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                    9427      0.11%     78.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    26750      0.31%     78.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   5956      0.07%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 1109859     13.02%     91.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 686476      8.05%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   8525227                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1513                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1513                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                3746                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               3746                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               102                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              102                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          144                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          472                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           50                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1022                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1356                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2920                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          608                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           52                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          322                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1372                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2376                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          426                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           54                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1298                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1324                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3106                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          426                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           60                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          326                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1350                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2176                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   10722                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           72                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           72                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           72                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           72                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          266                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          100                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          511                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3629                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          346                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          161                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           24                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3399                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          108                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          649                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3653                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          163                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2700                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3251                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    14220                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1667500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy               187483                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             1901500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             1849959                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             1752446                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             1708986                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             1728986                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              112458                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             2280000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             1773000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             2457000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             1643500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages          356                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes      1458176                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs          356                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages            2                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes         8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs            2                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   4683674521                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.001906                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.001322                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.043613                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  4674748692     99.81%     99.81% |     8925829      0.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   4683674521                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     4683674521                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.096890                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.004788                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         3.682965                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  4682889020     99.98%     99.98% |      722434      0.02%    100.00% |       19058      0.00%    100.00% |       11266      0.00%    100.00% |       22796      0.00%    100.00% |        9688      0.00%    100.00% |         179      0.00%    100.00% |          71      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       4683674521                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   4678098071                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  4678098071    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   4678098071                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5576450                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    82.378288                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    55.227562                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    69.123741                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     4790949     85.91%     85.91% |      722434     12.96%     98.87% |       19058      0.34%     99.21% |       11266      0.20%     99.41% |       22796      0.41%     99.82% |        9688      0.17%    100.00% |         179      0.00%    100.00% |          71      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      5576450                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits    392147350                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses      2275833                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    394423183                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits   1865317627                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses        56708                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses   1865374335                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles           647                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits     35084258                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses       396056                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     35480314                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits    101704984                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses        89685                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses    101794669                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles             6                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1414099                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses        42970                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1457069                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits      3948937                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        36302                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3985239                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles             3                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1710031                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        90502                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1800533                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits      5510744                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        37219                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses      5547963                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles             3                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits      1199020                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses      1826255                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses      3025275                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers0.percent_links_utilized     0.219324                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Request_Control::0      2332541                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Data::2      1481064                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       837550                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        21643                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        14557                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      1517853                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      4148224                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         7734                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          644                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      2888800                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     18660328                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    106636608                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     60303600                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1558296                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       116456                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    109285416                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     33185792                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        61872                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         5152                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     23110400                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.percent_links_utilized     0.046656                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Request_Control::0       485741                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Data::2       227821                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       242155                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        31452                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         9595                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       325095                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       846736                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        15775                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         3957                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       584014                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0      3885928                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     16403112                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     17435160                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      2264544                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        76760                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     23406840                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      6773888                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       126200                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        31656                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      4672112                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.percent_links_utilized     0.006850                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Request_Control::0        79272                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Data::2         8302                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        55654                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        27742                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Control::2         9365                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        21390                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       130746                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        12492                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         4964                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       123255                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       634176                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       597744                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      4007088                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1997424                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        74920                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      1540080                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1045968                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        99936                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        39712                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       986040                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.percent_links_utilized     0.011682                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Request_Control::0       127721                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Data::2        51287                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        63661                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        34682                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Control::2         5194                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        53494                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       193734                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        21955                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1948                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       171094                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0      1021768                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      3692664                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      4583592                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      2497104                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        41552                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      3851568                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1549872                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       175640                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        15584                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      1368752                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.percent_links_utilized     0.421300                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Request_Control::0      3025275                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Request_Control::1      1768474                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::2      3537149                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      1199020                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Control::2        15685                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      2747281                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      5319440                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      1658898                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        57956                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          376                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         8294                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      5536013                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     24202200                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     14147792                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    254674728                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     86329440                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       125480                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    197804232                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     42555520                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     13271184                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       463648                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         3008                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        66352                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     44288104                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.percent_links_utilized     0.067204                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Request_Control::1       866529                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::2       877829                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       351988                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       715566                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          226                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       866755                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      6932232                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     63203688                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     25343136                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      5724528                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         1808                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      6934040                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.percent_links_utilized     0.076001                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Request_Control::1       901945                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Response_Data::2       913242                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       477461                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       966433                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          150                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       902095                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      7215560                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     65753424                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     34377192                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      7731464                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         1200                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      7216760                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.percent_links_utilized     0.001144                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.Response_Data::2        22798                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          175                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        23101                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1641456                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        12600                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       184808                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         2048                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.percent_links_utilized     0.094464                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Request_Control::0      3025275                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Request_Control::1      1768474                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Response_Data::2      3559746                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      1199020                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        57847                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Response_Control::2        27198                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      2747281                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      5319440                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      1681999                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        57956                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          376                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0        11513                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      5536013                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     24202200                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     14147792                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    256301712                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     86329440                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      4164984                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       217584                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    197804232                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     42555520                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     13455992                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         2048                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       463648                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         3008                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        92104                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     44288104                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control     14381247                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     10679238                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data      3597060                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data       173541                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control        81594                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      8241843                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     21005085                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Forwarded_Control       174996                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Invalidate_Control        31320                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Unblock_Control     16608039                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control    115049976                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data    768905136                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.ResponseL2hit_Data    258988320                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.ResponseLocal_Data     12494952                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control       652752                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    593412696                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    168040680                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Forwarded_Control      1399968                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Invalidate_Control       250560                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Unblock_Control    132864312                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.link_utilization     0.229580                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2      1481064                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       837550                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        13918                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        13873                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2074112                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         7734                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          644                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    106636608                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     60303600                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1002096                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       110984                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     16592896                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        61872                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         5152                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.link_utilization     0.209069                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0      2332541                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         7725                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          684                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      1517853                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2074112                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      2888800                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     18660328                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       556200                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         5472                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    109285416                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     16592896                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     23110400                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.link_utilization     0.047925                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2       227821                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       242155                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        15721                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         5537                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       423368                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        15775                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         3957                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     16403112                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     17435160                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1131912                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        44296                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      3386944                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       126200                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        31656                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.link_utilization     0.045387                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0       485741                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        15731                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         4058                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       325095                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       423368                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       584014                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0      3885928                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1132632                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        32464                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     23406840                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      3386944                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      4672112                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.link_utilization     0.007958                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2         8302                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        55654                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        15283                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         4386                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        65373                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        12492                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         4964                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       597744                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      4007088                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1100376                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        35088                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       522984                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        99936                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        39712                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.link_utilization     0.005742                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        79272                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        12459                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         4979                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        21390                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        65373                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       123255                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       634176                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       897048                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        39832                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      1540080                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       522984                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       986040                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.link_utilization     0.012660                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        51287                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        63661                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        12750                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         3227                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        96867                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        21955                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1948                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      3692664                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      4583592                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       918000                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        25816                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       774936                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       175640                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        15584                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.link_utilization     0.010704                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0       127721                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        21932                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         1967                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        53494                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        96867                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       171094                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0      1021768                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1579104                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        15736                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      3851568                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       774936                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      1368752                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.link_utilization     0.432120                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::0      3025275                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2      1768474                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2          175                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      1917832                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2659720                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       829449                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          376                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      3767163                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     24202200                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    127330128                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         1400                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    138083904                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     21277760                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      6635592                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         3008                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     30137304                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.link_utilization     0.410480                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1      1768474                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2      1768675                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      1199020                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        15510                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       829449                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2659720                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       829449                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        57956                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         8294                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      1768850                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     14147792                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    127344600                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     86329440                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       124080                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     59720328                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     21277760                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      6635592                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       463648                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        66352                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     14150800                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.link_utilization     0.052349                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1       866529                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       351988                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       363578                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       866755                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      6932232                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     25343136                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      2908624                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      6934040                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.link_utilization     0.082058                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2       877829                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       351988                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          226                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     63203688                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      2815904                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         1808                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.link_utilization     0.065528                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1       901945                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       477461                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       488972                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       902095                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      7215560                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     34377192                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      3911776                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      7216760                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.link_utilization     0.086474                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2       913242                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       477461                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          150                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     65753424                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      3819688                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         1200                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.link_utilization     0.002057                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        22798                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          175                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1641456                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        12600                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000231                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        23101                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       184808                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.link_utilization     0.229580                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2      1481064                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       837550                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        13918                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        13873                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2074112                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         7734                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          644                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    106636608                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     60303600                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1002096                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       110984                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     16592896                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        61872                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         5152                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.link_utilization     0.047925                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2       227821                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       242155                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        15721                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         5537                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       423368                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        15775                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         3957                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     16403112                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     17435160                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1131912                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        44296                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      3386944                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       126200                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        31656                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.link_utilization     0.007958                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::2         8302                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        55654                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        15283                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::2         4386                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        65373                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        12492                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         4964                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       597744                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      4007088                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1100376                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        35088                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       522984                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        99936                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        39712                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.link_utilization     0.012660                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::2        51287                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        63661                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        12750                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::2         3227                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        96867                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        21955                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1948                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      3692664                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      4583592                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       918000                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        25816                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       774936                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       175640                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        15584                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.link_utilization     0.432120                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::0      3025275                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::2      1768474                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::2          175                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      1917832                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2659720                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       829449                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          376                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      3767163                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     24202200                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    127330128                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         1400                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    138083904                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     21277760                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      6635592                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         3008                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     30137304                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.link_utilization     0.052349                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::1       866529                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       351988                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       363578                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       866755                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      6932232                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     25343136                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      2908624                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      6934040                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.link_utilization     0.065528                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Request_Control::1       901945                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       477461                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       488972                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       902095                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      7215560                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     34377192                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      3911776                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      7216760                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.link_utilization     0.002057                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::2        22798                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          175                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1641456                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        12600                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle8.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    735139660                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.339818                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.018500                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      6.835473                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   734572512     99.92%     99.92% |      531403      0.07%    100.00% |        8946      0.00%    100.00% |        9149      0.00%    100.00% |       12805      0.00%    100.00% |        4793      0.00%    100.00% |          35      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     735139660                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    731599624                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   731599624    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    731599624                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3540036                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    71.568193                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.003214                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    68.898202                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     2972888     83.98%     83.98% |      531403     15.01%     98.99% |        8946      0.25%     99.24% |        9149      0.26%     99.50% |       12805      0.36%     99.86% |        4793      0.14%    100.00% |          35      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      3540036                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     91687216                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       3.016806                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.083526                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     17.066741                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    91486734     99.78%     99.78% |      175241      0.19%     99.97% |        9255      0.01%     99.98% |        1873      0.00%     99.98% |        9328      0.01%     99.99% |        4595      0.01%    100.00% |         136      0.00%    100.00% |          46      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      91687216                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     90117460                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    90117460    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     90117460                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1569756                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   118.798781                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   108.371183                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    58.085335                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     1369274     87.23%     87.23% |      175241     11.16%     98.39% |        9255      0.59%     98.98% |        1873      0.12%     99.10% |        9328      0.59%     99.70% |        4595      0.29%     99.99% |         136      0.01%    100.00% |          46      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1569756                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   3852495694                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.002117                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000263                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.381351                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  3852485279    100.00%    100.00% |       10000      0.00%    100.00% |         124      0.00%    100.00% |          61      0.00%    100.00% |         173      0.00%    100.00% |          51      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   3852495694                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   3852154758                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  3852154758    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   3852154758                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       340936                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    24.920202                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    19.606075                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    32.728961                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      330521     96.95%     96.95% |       10000      2.93%     99.88% |         124      0.04%     99.91% |          61      0.02%     99.93% |         173      0.05%     99.98% |          51      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       340936                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      3148665                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.170445                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.019012                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.453821                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |     3147911     99.98%     99.98% |         724      0.02%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      3148665                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3130069                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3130069    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      3130069                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        18596                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    29.859647                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    24.259420                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    34.523825                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       17842     95.95%     95.95% |         724      3.89%     99.84% |           9      0.05%     99.89% |           7      0.04%     99.92% |           9      0.05%     99.97% |           5      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        18596                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       601643                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean    18.253980                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     2.164865                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    46.215498                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      594941     98.89%     98.89% |        5066      0.84%     99.73% |         724      0.12%     99.85% |         176      0.03%     99.88% |         481      0.08%     99.96% |         244      0.04%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       601643                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       494517                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      494517    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       494517                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       107126                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    97.902115                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    76.533720                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    65.402386                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      100424     93.74%     93.74% |        5066      4.73%     98.47% |         724      0.68%     99.15% |         176      0.16%     99.31% |         481      0.45%     99.76% |         244      0.23%     99.99% |           6      0.01%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       107126                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       601643                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      601643    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       601643                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       601643                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      601643    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       601643                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |      350321     42.41%     42.41% |      475800     57.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total       826121                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS    |      516208     54.78%     54.78% |      426145     45.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS::total       942353                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX    |      351962     42.44%     42.44% |      477420     57.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX::total       829382                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTO_SHARERS |          26     38.81%     38.81% |          41     61.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTO_SHARERS::total           67                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Unblock |      344571     52.52%     52.52% |      311535     47.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Unblock::total       656106                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Last_Unblock |      171637     59.96%     59.96% |      114610     40.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Last_Unblock::total       286247                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      350385     42.41%     42.41% |      475864     57.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total       826249                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Dirty_Writeback |      351988     42.44%     42.44% |      477461     57.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Dirty_Writeback::total       829449                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      877829     49.01%     49.01% |      913242     50.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1791071                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      352052     42.44%     42.44% |      477525     57.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       829577                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |       11526     50.17%     50.17% |       11447     49.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total        22973                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |          64     50.00%     50.00% |          64     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_ACK |         226     60.11%     60.11% |         150     39.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_ACK::total          376                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX  |       63663     20.26%     20.26% |      250516     79.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX::total       314179                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETS  |      344571     52.52%     52.52% |      311535     47.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETS::total       656106                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Memory_Ack |      351963     42.44%     42.44% |      477423     57.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Memory_Ack::total       829386                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |       11300     50.01%     50.01% |       11297     49.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total        22597                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |          64     50.00%     50.00% |          64     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETX  |      286658     55.99%     55.99% |      225284     44.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETX::total       511942                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETS  |      171637     59.96%     59.96% |      114610     40.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETS::total       286247                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.Memory_Ack |          26     38.81%     38.81% |          41     61.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.Memory_Ack::total           67                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX  |      351962     42.44%     42.44% |      477420     57.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX::total       829382                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTO_SHARERS |          26     38.81%     38.81% |          41     61.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTO_SHARERS::total           67                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |         226     60.11%     60.11% |         150     39.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total          376                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Unblock |      344571     52.52%     52.52% |      311535     47.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Unblock::total       656106                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Memory_Data |      344571     52.52%     52.52% |      311535     47.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Memory_Data::total       656106                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Last_Unblock |      171637     59.96%     59.96% |      114610     40.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Last_Unblock::total       286247                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Memory_Data |      171637     59.96%     59.96% |      114610     40.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Memory_Data::total       286247                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock |      350321     42.41%     42.41% |      475800     57.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock::total       826121                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Data |      350321     42.41%     42.41% |      475800     57.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Data::total       826121                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Dirty_Writeback |      351962     42.44%     42.44% |      477420     57.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Dirty_Writeback::total       829382                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MIS.Dirty_Writeback |          26     38.81%     38.81% |          41     61.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MIS.Dirty_Writeback::total           67                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_M.Memory_Data |       11300     50.01%     50.01% |       11297     49.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_M.Memory_Data::total        22597                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Exclusive_Unblock |          64     50.00%     50.00% |          64     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Exclusive_Unblock::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Memory_Ack |          63     50.81%     50.81% |          61     49.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Memory_Ack::total          124                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MD.DMA_ACK |         226     60.11%     60.11% |         150     39.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MD.DMA_ACK::total          376                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |       22973    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total        22973                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total          128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |       22973    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total          22973                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.DMA_Ack       |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.DMA_Ack::total          128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.All_Acks      |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.All_Acks::total          128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |       22973    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total        22973                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total          128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |       22973    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total        22973                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.DMA_Ack |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.DMA_Ack::total          128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.All_Acks |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.All_Acks::total          128                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |   354337685     93.56%     93.56% |    22556632      5.96%     99.52% |      840362      0.22%     99.74% |      984253      0.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    378718932                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |  1865374341     94.37%     94.37% |   101794669      5.15%     99.52% |     3985239      0.20%     99.72% |     5547963      0.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total   1976702212                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    40085640     73.63%     73.63% |    12923790     23.74%     97.37% |      616707      1.13%     98.50% |      816378      1.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     54442515                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     2077584     77.54%     77.54% |      428825     16.00%     93.54% |       71173      2.66%     96.20% |      101827      3.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      2679409                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Own_GETX  |           9      8.26%      8.26% |          44     40.37%     48.62% |          33     30.28%     78.90% |          23     21.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Own_GETX::total          109                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |         608      3.94%      3.94% |        4709     30.49%     34.43% |        3894     25.22%     59.65% |        6231     40.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total        15442                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        7142     16.72%     16.72% |       11096     25.98%     42.70% |        8746     20.48%     63.18% |       15727     36.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        42711                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_DMA   |          40     22.86%     22.86% |         101     57.71%     80.57% |          15      8.57%     89.14% |          19     10.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_DMA::total          175                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |         644      5.59%      5.59% |        3957     34.37%     39.96% |        4964     43.12%     83.08% |        1948     16.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        11513                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |       13873     51.34%     51.34% |        5537     20.49%     71.83% |        4386     16.23%     88.06% |        3227     11.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total        27023                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |     1342245     77.84%     77.84% |      251474     14.58%     92.42% |       55397      3.21%     95.63% |       75301      4.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total      1724417                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data |      990287     76.13%     76.13% |      234223     18.01%     94.14% |       23842      1.83%     95.97% |       52397      4.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total      1300749                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |      556259     74.98%     74.98% |       98273     13.25%     88.23% |       43983      5.93%     94.15% |       43373      5.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total       741888                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack_Data |     1517853     79.14%     79.14% |      325095     16.95%     96.10% |       21390      1.12%     97.21% |       53494      2.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack_Data::total      1917832                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks  |      740762     80.90%     80.90% |      127731     13.95%     94.85% |       12772      1.39%     96.25% |       34344      3.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks::total       915609                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_Timeout |      990296     76.13%     76.13% |      234267     18.01%     94.14% |       23875      1.84%     95.97% |       52420      4.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_Timeout::total      1300858                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |     1535071     81.23%     81.23% |      268325     14.20%     95.43% |       30198      1.60%     97.03% |       56158      2.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total      1889752                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |       56708     25.79%     25.79% |       89685     40.78%     66.57% |       36302     16.51%     83.08% |       37219     16.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total       219914                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |      488327     82.80%     82.80% |       76612     12.99%     95.78% |       10854      1.84%     97.62% |       14009      2.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total       589802                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        2827     14.85%     14.85% |        5457     28.66%     43.50% |        5800     30.46%     73.96% |        4959     26.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        19043                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |   274414656     98.15%     98.15% |     4701517      1.68%     99.83% |      225908      0.08%     99.91% |      254215      0.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total    279596296                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |  1865317627     94.38%     94.38% |   101704984      5.15%     99.52% |     3948937      0.20%     99.72% |     5510744      0.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total   1976482292                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |      252426     77.50%     77.50% |       51075     15.68%     93.18% |        1885      0.58%     93.76% |       20312      6.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total       325698                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |     1089198     78.53%     78.53% |      196584     14.17%     92.70% |       48289      3.48%     96.19% |       52899      3.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total      1386970                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Fwd_GETS |        1713     28.31%     28.31% |        1799     29.73%     58.04% |        1372     22.67%     80.71% |        1167     19.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Fwd_GETS::total         6051                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |         644      5.59%      5.59% |        3957     34.37%     39.96% |        4964     43.12%     83.08% |        1948     16.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total        11513                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load    |         119      0.99%      0.99% |        4478     37.21%     38.20% |        1375     11.43%     49.63% |        6062     50.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load::total        12034                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store   |           9      8.26%      8.26% |          44     40.37%     48.62% |          33     30.28%     78.90% |          23     21.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store::total          109                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_Replacement |         203     21.17%     21.17% |         309     32.22%     53.39% |         205     21.38%     74.77% |         242     25.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_Replacement::total          959                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETX |         173      1.47%      1.47% |        3382     28.74%     30.21% |        2797     23.77%     53.98% |        5416     46.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETX::total        11768                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETS |         223      2.08%      2.08% |        2369     22.05%     24.13% |        1718     15.99%     40.12% |        6433     59.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETS::total        10743                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |    16498640     87.65%     87.65% |     2217570     11.78%     99.43% |       45745      0.24%     99.68% |       60641      0.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     18822596                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |       19851     23.70%     23.70% |       58178     69.46%     93.16% |        2897      3.46%     96.62% |        2832      3.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total        83758                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |       50946     55.68%     55.68% |       30467     33.30%     88.98% |        3667      4.01%     92.99% |        6413      7.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total        91493                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |          85      6.13%      6.13% |         614     44.27%     50.40% |         406     29.27%     79.67% |         282     20.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total         1387                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |         304      2.39%      2.39% |        3757     29.49%     31.88% |        3029     23.78%     55.66% |        5648     44.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total        12738                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load  |      211958     62.65%     62.65% |      108431     32.05%     94.70% |        7252      2.14%     96.85% |       10665      3.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load::total       338306                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store |      178365     91.07%     91.07% |       13614      6.95%     98.02% |         982      0.50%     98.52% |        2896      1.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store::total       195857                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.L1_Replacement |         645    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.L1_Replacement::total          645                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETX |           6     25.00%     25.00% |           3     12.50%     37.50% |          15     62.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETX::total           24                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETS |          17      9.88%      9.88% |          67     38.95%     48.84% |          76     44.19%     93.02% |          12      6.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETS::total          172                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_Timeout |       71169     37.58%     37.58% |       92922     49.06%     86.64% |       10121      5.34%     91.98% |       15180      8.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_Timeout::total       189392                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |    61627669     79.03%     79.03% |    15239605     19.54%     98.58% |      528786      0.68%     99.25% |      581680      0.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total     77977740                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |    38385792     73.74%     73.74% |    12471977     23.96%     97.70% |      547579      1.05%     98.76% |      647123      1.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total     52052471                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement |      933765     79.11%     79.11% |      196008     16.61%     95.72% |       13212      1.12%     96.84% |       37313      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement::total      1180298                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX |         338     15.05%     15.05% |         707     31.48%     46.53% |         672     29.92%     76.45% |         529     23.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX::total         2246                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS |        4849     38.06%     38.06% |        3002     23.57%     61.63% |        2450     19.23%     80.86% |        2438     19.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS::total        12739                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_DMA |          40     22.86%     22.86% |         101     57.71%     80.57% |          15      8.57%     89.14% |          19     10.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_DMA::total          175                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load |       49430     60.38%     60.38% |       16598     20.28%     80.66% |        1098      1.34%     82.00% |       14734     18.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load::total        81860                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store |      760870     63.68%     63.68% |      252290     21.12%     84.80% |       52477      4.39%     89.19% |      129183     10.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store::total      1194820                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.L1_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.L1_Replacement::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETX |           6     35.29%     35.29% |           3     17.65%     52.94% |           4     23.53%     76.47% |           4     23.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETX::total           17                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETS |          36     13.43%     13.43% |         102     38.06%     51.49% |         101     37.69%     89.18% |          29     10.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETS::total          268                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_Timeout |      919127     82.70%     82.70% |      141345     12.72%     95.41% |       13754      1.24%     96.65% |       37240      3.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_Timeout::total      1111466                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |        5776     43.80%     43.80% |        2786     21.13%     64.92% |        2326     17.64%     82.56% |        2300     17.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total        13188                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data |      488327     82.80%     82.80% |       76612     12.99%     95.78% |       10854      1.84%     97.62% |       14009      2.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data::total       589802                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        7387     62.61%     62.61% |        2176     18.44%     81.05% |        1456     12.34%     93.39% |         780      6.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total        11799                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Exclusive_Data |      252426     77.50%     77.50% |       51075     15.68%     93.18% |        1885      0.58%     93.76% |       20312      6.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Exclusive_Data::total       325698                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Own_GETX |           9      8.26%      8.26% |          44     40.37%     48.62% |          33     30.28%     78.90% |          23     21.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Own_GETX::total          109                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack    |         710     34.87%     34.87% |         575     28.24%     63.11% |         604     29.67%     92.78% |         147      7.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack::total         2036                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks |      740762     80.90%     80.90% |      127731     13.95%     94.85% |       12772      1.39%     96.25% |       34344      3.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks::total       915609                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |     1342245     77.84%     77.84% |      251474     14.58%     92.42% |       55397      3.21%     95.63% |       75301      4.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total      1724417                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data |      249534     64.77%     64.77% |      106536     27.65%     92.43% |       11103      2.88%     95.31% |       18076      4.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data::total       385249                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Load   |         125     52.08%     52.08% |         108     45.00%     97.08% |           0      0.00%     97.08% |           7      2.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Load::total          240                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Ifetch |           6    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Ifetch::total            6                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack |      556259     74.98%     74.98% |       98273     13.25%     88.23% |       43983      5.93%     94.15% |       43373      5.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack::total       741888                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack_Data |      532939     82.62%     82.62% |       98311     15.24%     97.86% |        4306      0.67%     98.52% |        9526      1.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total       645082                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack_Data |         203     21.17%     21.17% |         309     32.22%     53.39% |         205     21.38%     74.77% |         242     25.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total          959                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load   |          17     15.74%     15.74% |           0      0.00%     15.74% |           0      0.00%     15.74% |          91     84.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load::total          108                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack_Data |      984711     77.43%     77.43% |      226475     17.81%     95.23% |       16879      1.33%     96.56% |       43726      3.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total      1271791                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS        2109794      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX         915619      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTO            959      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX        1271791      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTS_only      1249472      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTS         137498      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Fwd_DMA            376      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.All_Acks        826121      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Data           1768474      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_WBCLEANDATA       645082      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_WBDIRTYDATA      1272750      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack       829449      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock        2466305      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock      1300858      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.DmaAck             175      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement      1450330      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS       942353      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX       501696      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_GETS         6051      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_GETX       305179      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_PUTS_only       638101      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_PUTS         6981      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_GETS        25477      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_GETX         3633      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_PUTX      1271791      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.Fwd_DMA          175      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_GETS         3431      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_GETX         1140      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_PUTO          581      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_GETS         7312      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_GETX        10737      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTO          378      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTS_only         5128      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTS         1133      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L1_GETS       621535      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L1_GETX         4982      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement       613026      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_GETS         1939      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_GETX          149      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_PUTS_only          167      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_PUTS         1832      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L2_Replacement           67      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_GETS       129058      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_GETX        14264      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_PUTS_only       606076      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_PUTS       127552      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L2_Replacement         7855      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS       372510      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX        73829      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_DMA          201      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement       829382      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA          581      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.Unblock         5128      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA          378      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.Unblock         1133      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSW.L1_GETS            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSW.Unblock       127552      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILSW.L1_WBCLEANDATA         6981      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IW.L1_WBCLEANDATA       638101      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SW.L1_GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SW.Unblock       606076      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OXW.Unblock          167      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXW.Unblock         1832      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA      1271791      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLS.L1_GETS            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLS.Unblock         6051      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOX.Unblock         3431      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOX.Exclusive_Unblock          149      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.L1_GETS           69      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.L1_GETX           10      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.Unblock        12738      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.Exclusive_Unblock        17512      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOSX.Unblock         7312      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.L1_GETS           51      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.Exclusive_Unblock        10737      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.Data        942353      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.Unblock       942353      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGM.Data        506678      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMLS.Data       319443      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.All_Acks       826121      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.Exclusive_Unblock       826121      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock        73829      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.Unblock       621535      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OO.Exclusive_Unblock       372510      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXS.Unblock         1939      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.L1_GETS            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.Unblock       129058      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack       829382      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSI.Writeback_Ack           67      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXD.DmaAck          175      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
