
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.642442                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1642442375000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               53870882903501                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 121361                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   180804                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              275067782                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1805432                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  5971.05                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   724650634                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1079589629                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     93625472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          93625472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     42536960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       42536960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1462898                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total            1462898                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       664640                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            664640                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     57003809                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             57003809                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     25898601                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            25898601                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0     82902411                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            82902411                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                    1462898                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    664640                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                  1462898                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  664640                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              93554560                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  70912                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               42517440                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               93625472                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            42536960                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                  1108                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                  279                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            91991                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            91578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            91236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            90928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            90822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            91253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            91799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            92590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            91579                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            91106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           91241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           91246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           91074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           90750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           91043                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           91554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            42251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            41607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            41532                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            41125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            41123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            41200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            41611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            42178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            41734                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            41244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           41258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           41289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           41367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           41306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           41590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           41920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 1642449411500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6              1462898                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              664640                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                1461694                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                     96                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                 33667                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                 34218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                 36921                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                 37354                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                 37368                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                 37332                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                 37320                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                 37297                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                 37315                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                 37390                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                 37360                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                 37308                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                 37329                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                 37309                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                 37296                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                 37173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                 37165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                 37171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                    45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       998614                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   136.260729                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    90.569900                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   192.881602                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       768743     76.98%     76.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        98203      9.83%     86.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        51755      5.18%     92.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        23696      2.37%     94.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639        10031      1.00%     95.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         6582      0.66%     96.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         6201      0.62%     96.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        20917      2.09%     98.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        12486      1.25%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       998614                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        37165                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     39.432584                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  1044.963908                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095        37160     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4096-8191            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8192-12287            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::106496-110591            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::110592-114687            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::122880-126975            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        37165                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        37165                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.875286                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.863912                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.623314                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16            3080      8.29%      8.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17             368      0.99%      9.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18           32013     86.14%     95.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19            1538      4.14%     99.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20             148      0.40%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21              14      0.04%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22               3      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::23               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        37165                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 15231024500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            42639587000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                7308950000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    10419.43                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               29169.43                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       56.96                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       25.89                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    57.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    25.90                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.65                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     24.56                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  883668                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 243842                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                60.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               36.70                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    771995.34                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   53.03                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy              3788013600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy              2066872500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             5724763200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy            2155422960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        107492292960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        452030880240                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        590930950500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          1164189195960                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           707.391804                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 978753348750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  54844920000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 608849719500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy              3772772640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy              2058556500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             5707143000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy            2149467840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        107492292960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        450807373530                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        592004202000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          1163991808470                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           707.271866                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 980627408250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  54844920000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 606975331250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     93555904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          93555904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     42498240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       42498240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1461811                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            1461811                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       664035                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            664035                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     56961453                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             56961453                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     25875027                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            25875027                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1     82836479                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            82836479                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                    1461811                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    664035                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                  1461811                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  664035                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              93498048                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  57856                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               42486912                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               93555904                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            42498240                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   904                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                  145                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            92118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            91453                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            91053                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            90703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            90819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            91245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            91752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            92551                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            91539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            91100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           91187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           91147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           90960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           90686                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           91119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           91475                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            42320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            41469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            41340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            41113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            41121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            41233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            41641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            42144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            41620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            41218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           41264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           41291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           41300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           41348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           41578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           41858                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 1642442019500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6              1461811                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              664035                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                1460860                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                     47                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                 33743                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                 34289                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 36885                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 37313                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 37359                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 37331                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 37283                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 37256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 37302                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 37314                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 37313                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 37284                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 37287                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 37181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 37263                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 37145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 37139                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 37146                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       996836                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   136.416582                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    90.526682                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   193.764861                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127       768128     77.06%     77.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        97314      9.76%     86.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        51861      5.20%     92.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        23236      2.33%     94.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         9813      0.98%     95.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         6485      0.65%     95.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         6029      0.60%     96.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        20877      2.09%     98.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13093      1.31%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       996836                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        37138                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     39.434380                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  1041.156955                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095        37132     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4096-8191            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8192-12287            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::106496-110591            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::110592-114687            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::122880-126975            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        37138                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        37138                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.875438                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.864549                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.609362                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16            2984      8.03%      8.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17             373      1.00%      9.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18           32204     86.71%     95.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19            1463      3.94%     99.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20              97      0.26%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21              12      0.03%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22               3      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::23               2      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        37138                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 14959730250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            42351736500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                7304535000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    10240.03                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               28990.03                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       56.93                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       25.87                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    56.96                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    25.88                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.65                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     24.05                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  883355                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 244574                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                60.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               36.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    772606.30                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   53.08                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy              3783265920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy              2064282000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             5720777400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy            2153828880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        107492292960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        451079194275                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        591765762750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          1164059404185                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           707.312939                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 980087501250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  54844920000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 607507706500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              3764018160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy              2053779750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             5704358400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy            2147970960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        107492292960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        450279948825                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        592466855250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          1163909224305                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           707.221685                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 981473869250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  54844920000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 606130250000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     93618688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          93618688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     42557120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       42557120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2      1462792                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total            1462792                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       664955                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            664955                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     56999679                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total             56999679                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     25910876                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            25910876                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2     82910554                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total            82910554                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                    1462792                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    664955                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                  1462792                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  664955                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              93562048                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                  56640                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               42550080                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               93618688                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            42557120                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                   885                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                   89                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            92151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            91617                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            91178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            90771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            90920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            91313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            91739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            92638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            91544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            91062                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           91273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           91227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           90980                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           90720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           91124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           91650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            42455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            41391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            41368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            41161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            41213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            41292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            41665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            42229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            41727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            41279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           41348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           41350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           41328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           41369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           41665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           42005                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 1642442176500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6              1462792                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              664955                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                1461838                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                     68                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                 33741                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                 34322                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                 36915                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                 37354                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                 37395                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                 37375                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                 37353                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                 37309                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                 37365                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                 37392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                 37365                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                 37347                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                 37337                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                 37298                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                 37320                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                 37202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                 37198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                 37206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                    54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       998636                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   136.298231                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean    90.471258                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   193.692728                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127       769871     77.09%     77.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        97314      9.74%     86.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        51965      5.20%     92.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511        23195      2.32%     94.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         9836      0.98%     95.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         6413      0.64%     95.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         5922      0.59%     96.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        21006      2.10%     98.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13114      1.31%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       998636                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        37197                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     39.402344                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  1058.573243                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095        37191     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::4096-8191            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::8192-12287            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::110592-114687            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::118784-122879            2      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        37197                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        37197                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.873619                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.862553                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.614091                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16            3045      8.19%      8.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::17             370      0.99%      9.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18           32169     86.48%     95.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::19            1477      3.97%     99.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::20             126      0.34%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::21              10      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        37197                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 15133409750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            42544166000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                7309535000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    10351.83                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               29101.83                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                       56.97                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       25.91                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                    57.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    25.91                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.65                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     23.81                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  883315                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 244803                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                60.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               36.82                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    771916.10                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   53.04                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy              3787454160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy              2066567250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy             5725683600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy            2156375520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy        107492292960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy        451383975270                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy        591498411000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          1164110759760                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           707.344144                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 979632721500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF  54844920000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 607962627250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy              3773264040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy              2058824625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy             5706932400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy            2151820080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy        107492292960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy        450780219585                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy        592028021250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          1163991374940                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           707.271602                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 980689132500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF  54844920000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 606914998000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     93744128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          93744128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     42676800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       42676800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3      1464752                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total            1464752                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       666825                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            666825                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     57076053                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total             57076053                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     25983743                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            25983743                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3     83059796                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total            83059796                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                    1464752                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    666825                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                  1464752                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  666825                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              93686016                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                  58112                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               42667648                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               93744128                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            42676800                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                   908                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                  112                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            92175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            91457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            91271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            90941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            91023                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            91381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            91976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            92746                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            91857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            91166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           91372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           91350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           91222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           91025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           91208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           91674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            42439                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            41619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            41475                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            41292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            41324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            41370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            41837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            42333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            41861                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            41373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           41449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           41434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           41540                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           41513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           41766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           42057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 1642442169000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6              1464752                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              666825                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                1463794                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                     50                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                 33785                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                 34365                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                 36975                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                 37494                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                 37486                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                 37480                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                 37452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                 37427                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                 37453                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                 37503                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                 37494                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                 37421                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                 37497                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                 37485                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                 37423                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                 37307                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                 37285                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                 37292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                    56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples      1002752                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   135.979576                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean    90.326560                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   193.362866                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127       774075     77.20%     77.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        97318      9.71%     86.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        51735      5.16%     92.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511        23398      2.33%     94.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         9798      0.98%     95.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         6373      0.64%     96.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         5929      0.59%     96.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        21040      2.10%     98.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13086      1.31%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total      1002752                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        37284                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     39.359591                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  1078.886277                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095        37280     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::8192-12287            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::110592-114687            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::118784-122879            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::122880-126975            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        37284                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        37284                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.881182                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.869307                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.639298                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16            3102      8.32%      8.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::17             346      0.93%      9.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18           32012     85.86%     95.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::19            1624      4.36%     99.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::20             144      0.39%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::21              28      0.08%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::22              17      0.05%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::23              10      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::24               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        37284                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 15341389749                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            42788464749                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                7319220000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    10480.21                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               29230.21                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                       57.04                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       25.98                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                    57.08                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    25.98                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.65                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     24.12                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  883095                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 244680                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                60.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               36.70                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    770529.13                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   52.93                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy              3803156280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy              2075134875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy             5730621000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy            2162304720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy        107492292960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy        451647929160                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy        591266872500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          1164178311495                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           707.385190                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 979272565250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF  54844920000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 608330473750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy              3788769600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy              2067285000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy             5717173800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy            2157794640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy        107492292960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy        450802890765                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy        592008126000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          1164034332765                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           707.297711                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 980656031000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF  54844920000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 606944885000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      3285026520                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1303843                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2845810                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              2784652                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                      84468                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       187026                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     2784652                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads            5658789                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           2307133                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             1564348                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes             849783                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                       672135                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     414934                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    257201                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              3279435979.732273                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              5590540.267727                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.001702                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.998298                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           297103                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                49076      1.72%      1.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  2102879     73.89%     75.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    5364      0.19%     75.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    16359      0.57%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  414934     14.58%     90.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 257201      9.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                   2845813                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      3282667940                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    3747113                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                      7479615                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses              7346252                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1778                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     194646                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       632762                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                     7346252                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                         1778                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           14612425                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           5973491                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                2988                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes               1416                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads             4731242                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes            2553183                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      1691339                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    1098155                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                    593184                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              3267368618.747092                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              15299321.252908                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.004661                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.995339                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                           861520                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                51269      0.69%      0.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  5711738     76.36%     77.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                    7213      0.10%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                    16802      0.22%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                   1344      0.02%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 1098155     14.68%     92.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                 593184      7.93%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                   7479705                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      3287856584                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    1205916                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      2597068                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              2539279                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                    39                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                      71000                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       183492                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     2539279                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                           39                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads            5166643                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           2106448                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                  63                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                 31                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             1467705                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes             768339                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                       619101                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     384002                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    235099                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              3282670270.184906                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              5186313.815094                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.001577                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.998423                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           277860                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                49318      1.90%      1.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  1906114     73.39%     75.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    5042      0.19%     75.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    17485      0.67%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                     30      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  384002     14.79%     90.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 235099      9.05%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   2597090                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      3286836016                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                  717053169                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                   1064202256                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses            463713778                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses             708837843                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     893849                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts     10821003                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                   463713778                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                    708837843                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads          971515523                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes         343628685                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads          1593836311                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes          654311799                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads           111559049                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes          201576351                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                    129298371                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                   75409571                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                  53888800                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              10640247.696929                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              3276195768.303071                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.996763                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.003237                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                         12004664                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass               312717      0.03%      0.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                431201236     40.52%     40.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   87445      0.01%     40.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                     2214      0.00%     40.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd              503316796     47.29%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                75409571      7.09%     94.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite               53888800      5.06%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                1064218779                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                   83                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                  83                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1708                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1708                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq                13                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp               13                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          834                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          864                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          162                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          848                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1030                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          834                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          844                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          846                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          860                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    3608                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           11                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1668                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1695                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           81                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1817                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1668                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1692                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     6940                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                32496                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy              120500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             1046500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             1061498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             1046500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             1062795                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy                7000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy              650500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy              792000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy              633500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy              646500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   1225197443                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000427                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1225197220    100.00%    100.00% |         223      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   1225197443                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     1225197443                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.693398                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.057797                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         9.047178                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  1225089575     99.99%     99.99% |       44782      0.00%     99.99% |       62845      0.01%    100.00% |         202      0.00%    100.00% |          38      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       1225197443                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   1219286870                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean      1.140539                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.034274                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.177131                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |  1202151158     98.59%     98.59% |           0      0.00%     98.59% |           0      0.00%     98.59% |           0      0.00%     98.59% |           0      0.00%     98.59% |    17135712      1.41%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   1219286870                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5910573                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   115.742309                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   109.448387                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    60.090452                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     5802705     98.17%     98.17% |       44782      0.76%     98.93% |       62845      1.06%    100.00% |         202      0.00%    100.00% |          38      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      5910573                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.incomplete_times_seqr            4                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits       658257                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        13555                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       671812                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits      1712730                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses        20539                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses      1733269                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        22545                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        11549                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        34094                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1626259                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses        66999                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1693258                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits      4877912                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses        22266                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4900178                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        57455                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        31810                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        89265                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            15                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits       605708                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses        13395                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       619103                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits      1589389                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        13391                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses      1602780                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        15604                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        11182                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        26786                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits    143310651                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses     22868422                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    166179073                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits   1047770252                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        27718                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses   1047797970                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits     17040108                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses      5856032                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses     22896140                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles          2331                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     0.091434                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::2        11549                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::3            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::4        19657                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::4      5914932                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      5899020                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        11549                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        92392                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1415304                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     47319456                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     47192160                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        92392                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized     0.093682                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Request_Control::2        31810                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Data::4        46362                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Control::4      5932420                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         1446                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1900                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         1900                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          454                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      5878761                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        31810                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       254480                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      3338064                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     47459360                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5       104112                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        15200                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        15200                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         3632                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     47030088                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       254480                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized     0.091502                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::2        11182                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::3            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Data::4        20853                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::4      5913553                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      5899387                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        11182                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        89456                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1501416                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     47308424                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     47195096                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        89456                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized     0.920948                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Request_Control::2      5856032                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Data::4      5881977                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::4     17585921                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5      2659009                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      5815329                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      5815329                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5      3156320                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        54539                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      5856032                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     46848256                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    423502344                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4    140687368                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5    191448648                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     46522632                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     46522632                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5     25250560                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       436312                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     46848256                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     0.207675                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::2      1480968                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::3            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1462898                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       664640                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      1453798                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1453798                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       789158                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1480966                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      1480968                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     11847744                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    105328656                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     47854080                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     11630384                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     11630384                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      6313264                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     11847728                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     11847744                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.207323                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::2      1471104                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1461811                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       664035                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      1453126                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1453126                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       789091                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1471104                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      1471104                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     11768832                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    105250392                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     47810520                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     11625008                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     11625008                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      6312728                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     11768832                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     11768832                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.207609                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::2      1476994                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::3            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1462792                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       664955                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      1454359                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1454359                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       789404                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1476992                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      1476994                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     11815952                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    105321024                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     47876760                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     11634872                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     11634872                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      6315232                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     11815936                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     11815952                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.207996                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::2      1481507                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1464752                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       666825                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      1455946                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1455946                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       789121                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1481507                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      1481507                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     11852056                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    105462144                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     48011400                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     11647568                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     11647568                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      6312968                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     11852056                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     11852056                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.211813                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::2      5910573                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::3            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::4      5910551                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::4     17673413                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5      2660455                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      5817229                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      5817229                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5      3156774                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3     17731707                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      5910573                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     47284584                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    425559672                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4    141387304                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5    191552760                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     46537832                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     46537832                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5     25254192                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3    141853656                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     47284584                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control     17731731                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     17731653                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control     53020239                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      7981365                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     44373696                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Broadcast_Control     41373983                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Unblock_Control     17731719                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control    141853848                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   1276679016                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control    424161912                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    574658280                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    354989568                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Broadcast_Control    330991864                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Unblock_Control    141853752                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     0.091737                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        11543                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        24024                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      5899020                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       831096                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       192192                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     47192160                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     0.091130                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        11549                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4         8114                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4      5890908                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        11549                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        92392                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       584208                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     47127264                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        92392                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization     0.094906                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        31805                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        68216                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         1900                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      5878761                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2289960                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       545728                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        15200                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     47030088                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization     0.092457                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        31810                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        14557                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4      5864204                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         1446                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1900                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          454                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        31810                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       254480                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1048104                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     46913632                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5       104112                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        15200                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         3632                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       254480                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization     0.091690                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        11176                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        23841                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      5899387                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       804672                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       190728                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     47195096                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization     0.091315                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        11182                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4         9677                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4      5889712                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        11182                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        89456                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       696744                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     47117696                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        89456                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization     1.158815                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4      5856027                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4     17557332                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      5815329                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        54539                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    421633944                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4    140458656                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     46522632                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       436312                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization     0.683082                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2      5856032                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        25950                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4        28589                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5      2659009                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      5815329                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5      3156320                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      5856032                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     46848256                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1868400                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       228712                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5    191448648                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     46522632                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5     25250560                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     46848256                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     0.170275                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2      1480968                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       664640                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      1453798                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       789158                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      1480968                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     11847744                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     47854080                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     11630384                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      6313264                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     11847744                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     0.245075                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1462898                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1453798                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1480966                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    105328656                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     11630384                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     11847728                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.169880                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2      1471104                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       664035                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      1453126                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       789091                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      1471104                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     11768832                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     47810520                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     11625008                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      6312728                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     11768832                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.244765                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1461811                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1453126                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1471104                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    105250392                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     11625008                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     11768832                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.170209                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2      1476994                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       664955                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      1454359                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       789404                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      1476994                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     11815952                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     47876760                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     11634872                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      6315232                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     11815952                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.245008                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1462792                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1454359                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1476992                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    105321024                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     11634872                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     11815936                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.170623                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2      1481507                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       666825                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      1455946                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       789121                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      1481507                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     11852056                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     48011400                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     11647568                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      6312968                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     11852056                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.245370                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1464752                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1455946                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1481507                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    105462144                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     11647568                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     11852056                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.091737                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        11543                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        24024                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      5899020                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       831096                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       192192                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     47192160                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.094906                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        31805                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4        68216                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         1900                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      5878761                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2289960                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       545728                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        15200                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     47030088                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.link_utilization     0.091690                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Request_Control::3            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::4        11176                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::4        23841                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      5899387                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       804672                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       190728                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     47195096                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.link_utilization     1.158815                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::4      5856027                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::4     17557332                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      5815329                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        54539                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    421633944                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4    140458656                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     46522632                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       436312                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.link_utilization     0.170275                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::2      1480968                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       664640                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      1453798                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       789158                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      1480968                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     11847744                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     47854080                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     11630384                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      6313264                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     11847744                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.link_utilization     0.169880                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::2      1471104                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       664035                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      1453126                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       789091                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      1471104                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     11768832                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     47810520                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     11625008                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      6312728                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     11768832                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.link_utilization     0.170209                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Request_Control::2      1476994                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       664955                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      1454359                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       789404                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      1476994                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     11815952                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     47876760                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     11634872                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      6315232                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     11815952                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.link_utilization     0.170623                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Request_Control::2      1481507                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       666825                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      1455946                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       789121                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      1481507                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     11852056                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     48011400                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     11647568                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      6312968                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     11852056                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples     88378719                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       6.102103                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.552555                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     23.698476                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |    88312306     99.92%     99.92% |       29312      0.03%     99.96% |       36968      0.04%    100.00% |         111      0.00%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total      88378719                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     85147753                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.170441                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.324003                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.214728                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |    75181714     88.30%     88.30% |           0      0.00%     88.30% |           0      0.00%     88.30% |           0      0.00%     88.30% |           0      0.00%     88.30% |     9966039     11.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     85147753                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3230966                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   109.715774                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   103.185348                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    62.823409                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     3164553     97.94%     97.94% |       29312      0.91%     98.85% |       36968      1.14%    100.00% |         111      0.00%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      3230966                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     54716394                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       8.205263                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.701840                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     28.981305                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    54278391     99.20%     99.20% |      396622      0.72%     99.92% |        6847      0.01%     99.94% |        8597      0.02%     99.95% |       19986      0.04%     99.99% |        5843      0.01%    100.00% |          60      0.00%    100.00% |          31      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      54716394                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     52053002                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.312725                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.369955                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.376981                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |    45219874     86.87%     86.87% |           0      0.00%     86.87% |           0      0.00%     86.87% |           0      0.00%     86.87% |           0      0.00%     86.87% |     6833128     13.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     52053002                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2663392                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   123.368295                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   118.085657                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    55.597900                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     2225389     83.55%     83.55% |      396622     14.89%     98.45% |        6847      0.26%     98.70% |        8597      0.32%     99.03% |       19986      0.75%     99.78% |        5843      0.22%    100.00% |          60      0.00%    100.00% |          31      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      2663392                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   1056034197                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.001289                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000203                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.279167                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  1056033608    100.00%    100.00% |         536      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |          29      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   1056034197                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   1056027321                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.000730                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000175                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.085408                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |  1055950283     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |       77038      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   1056027321                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         6876                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    86.866783                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    71.471948                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    58.962973                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        6287     91.43%     91.43% |         536      7.80%     99.23% |           8      0.12%     99.35% |           8      0.12%     99.46% |          29      0.42%     99.88% |           8      0.12%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         6876                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples     25588521                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.105783                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.024220                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.328741                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |    25588410    100.00%    100.00% |          94      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total     25588521                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     25584874                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.097485                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.023651                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.982520                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |    25335460     99.03%     99.03% |           0      0.00%     99.03% |           0      0.00%     99.03% |           0      0.00%     99.03% |           0      0.00%     99.03% |      249414      0.97%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     25584874                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         3647                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    59.318892                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    50.349486                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    47.189247                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        3536     96.96%     96.96% |          94      2.58%     99.53% |           5      0.14%     99.67% |           2      0.05%     99.73% |           7      0.19%     99.92% |           3      0.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         3647                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       239806                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.329858                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.205283                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     6.937034                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      239567     99.90%     99.90% |         190      0.08%     99.98% |          43      0.02%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       239806                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       234114                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.431115                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.108909                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.031085                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |      224021     95.69%     95.69% |           0      0.00%     95.69% |           0      0.00%     95.69% |           0      0.00%     95.69% |           0      0.00%     95.69% |       10093      4.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       234114                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         5692                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    39.295502                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    37.130389                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    21.404009                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        5453     95.80%     95.80% |         190      3.34%     99.14% |          43      0.76%     99.89% |           2      0.04%     99.93% |           1      0.02%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           1      0.02%     99.96% |           1      0.02%     99.98% |           1      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         5692                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       239806                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      239806    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       239806                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       239806                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      239806    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       239806                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples   1202150973                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1202150973    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total   1202150973                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        58320                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    34.152555                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    34.102968                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.931942                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       58104     99.63%     99.63% |          50      0.09%     99.72% |         166      0.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        58320                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::samples        58316                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::mean     1.031724                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::gmean     1.007636                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::stdev     0.562349                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request |       58131     99.68%     99.68% |           0      0.00%     99.68% |           0      0.00%     99.68% |           0      0.00%     99.68% |           0      0.00%     99.68% |         185      0.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::total        58316                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::samples        58316                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::mean     8.005967                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::gmean     8.004997                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::stdev     0.145463                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       58244     99.88%     99.88% |          39      0.07%     99.94% |          26      0.04%     99.99% |           3      0.01%     99.99% |           4      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::total        58316                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::samples        58316                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::mean    24.002521                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::gmean    24.002363                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::stdev     0.091350                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       58294     99.96%     99.96% |          22      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::total        58316                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::samples        58316                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::mean     1.111222                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::stdev     1.756479                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion |       26181     44.90%     44.90% |       23857     40.91%     85.80% |        2154      3.69%     89.50% |          22      0.04%     89.54% |          16      0.03%     89.56% |           9      0.02%     89.58% |        6077     10.42%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::total        58316                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     17135897                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.999892                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.999715                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.032857                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr |         185      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    17135712    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     17135897                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5852253                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   116.555383                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   110.727632                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    59.831508                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     5744385     98.16%     98.16% |       44782      0.77%     98.92% |       62845      1.07%    100.00% |         202      0.00%    100.00% |          38      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      5852253                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::samples      5852253                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::mean     1.002696                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::gmean     1.000478                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::stdev     0.207741                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request |     5851266     99.98%     99.98% |           2      0.00%     99.98% |           1      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |         981      0.02%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::total      5852253                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::samples      5852253                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::mean     8.006722                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::gmean     8.003693                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::stdev     0.376602                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5848509     99.94%     99.94% |        2758      0.05%     99.98% |         130      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |         856      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::total      5852253                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::samples      5852253                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::mean    24.000013                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::gmean    24.000012                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::stdev     0.006296                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5852247    100.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::total      5852253                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::samples      5852253                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::mean    83.545952                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::gmean    76.577315                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::stdev    59.836655                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion |     5749051     98.24%     98.24% |       52834      0.90%     99.14% |       50166      0.86%    100.00% |         177      0.00%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::total      5852253                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     75181712                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    75181712    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     75181712                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        42327                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    33.473504                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    33.469108                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.550567                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       42323     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           4      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        42327                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      9966041                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.999998                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.999995                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.004480                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           2      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     9966039    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      9966041                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3188639                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   110.727837                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   104.739097                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    62.617738                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     3122226     97.92%     97.92% |       29312      0.92%     98.84% |       36968      1.16%    100.00% |         111      0.00%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      3188639                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     45219696                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    45219696    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     45219696                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         5415                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    37.083102                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    36.940839                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.329204                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        5221     96.42%     96.42% |          33      0.61%     97.03% |         161      2.97%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         5415                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      6833306                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.999740                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.999313                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.051037                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |         178      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     6833128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      6833306                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2657977                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   123.544081                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   118.365555                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    55.517589                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     2219974     83.52%     83.52% |      396622     14.92%     98.44% |        6847      0.26%     98.70% |        8597      0.32%     99.02% |       19986      0.75%     99.78% |        5843      0.22%    100.00% |          60      0.00%    100.00% |          31      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      2657977                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples   1055950283                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1055950283    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total   1055950283                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         2713                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    33.503870                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    33.498051                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.634030                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2712     99.96%     99.96% |           1      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         2713                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        77038                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       77038    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        77038                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         4163                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   121.643046                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   117.116593                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    51.737081                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        3574     85.85%     85.85% |         536     12.88%     98.73% |           8      0.19%     98.92% |           8      0.19%     99.11% |          29      0.70%     99.81% |           8      0.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         4163                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     25335460                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    25335460    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     25335460                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         2421                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    37.768278                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    37.718247                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.915897                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2416     99.79%     99.79% |           4      0.17%     99.96% |           1      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         2421                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       249414                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      249414    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       249414                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1226                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   101.875204                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    89.065646                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    62.370872                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        1115     90.95%     90.95% |          94      7.67%     98.61% |           5      0.41%     99.02% |           2      0.16%     99.18% |           7      0.57%     99.76% |           3      0.24%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         1226                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       224021                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      224021    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       224021                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         5444                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    35.232550                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    35.158195                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.335753                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        5432     99.78%     99.78% |          12      0.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         5444                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        10093                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       10093    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        10093                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          248                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   128.483871                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   123.040189                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    45.659004                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           9      3.63%      3.63% |         190     76.61%     80.24% |          43     17.34%     97.58% |           2      0.81%     98.39% |           1      0.40%     98.79% |           0      0.00%     98.79% |           1      0.40%     99.19% |           1      0.40%     99.60% |           1      0.40%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          248                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       239801                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      239801    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       239801                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples            5                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total            5                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |      668293     25.00%     25.00% |      666130     24.92%     49.91% |      668376     25.00%     74.91% |      670658     25.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total      2673457                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS    |      812950     25.11%     25.11% |      805190     24.87%     49.97% |      808885     24.98%     74.95% |      811086     25.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS::total      3238111                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUT     |     1453798     24.99%     24.99% |     1453126     24.98%     49.97% |     1454359     25.00%     74.97% |     1455946     25.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUT::total      5817229                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockS |        9212     31.99%     31.99% |        4384     15.23%     47.22% |        6532     22.69%     69.90% |        8666     30.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockS::total        28794                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockM |     1471756     25.02%     25.02% |     1466720     24.94%     49.96% |     1470462     25.00%     74.96% |     1472841     25.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockM::total      5881779                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Clean |        1091     24.82%     24.82% |        1117     25.41%     50.23% |        1090     24.80%     75.02% |        1098     24.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Clean::total         4396                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Dirty |          88     35.48%     35.48% |          46     18.55%     54.03% |          61     24.60%     78.63% |          53     21.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Dirty::total          248                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean |      788067     25.00%     25.00% |      787974     25.00%     50.00% |      788314     25.01%     75.00% |      788023     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean::total      3152378                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty |      664552     24.98%     24.98% |      663989     24.96%     49.94% |      664894     24.99%     74.94% |      666772     25.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty::total      2660207                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |     1462898     25.00%     25.00% |     1461811     24.98%     49.98% |     1462792     25.00%     74.97% |     1464752     25.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      5852253                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      664640     24.98%     24.98% |      664035     24.96%     49.94% |      664955     24.99%     74.94% |      666825     25.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      2660455                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_Unblocks |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_Unblocks::total            4                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETX |        2876     35.00%     35.00% |         861     10.48%     45.48% |        1986     24.17%     69.65% |        2494     30.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETX::total         8217                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETS |        3862     34.21%     34.21% |        1191     10.55%     44.76% |        2475     21.92%     66.68% |        3761     33.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETS::total        11289                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.PUT  |        1179     25.39%     25.39% |        1163     25.04%     50.43% |        1151     24.78%     75.22% |        1151     24.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.PUT::total         4644                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETX |        1205     23.80%     23.80% |        1259     24.87%     48.67% |        1346     26.59%     75.25% |        1253     24.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETX::total         5063                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETS |       10125     30.00%     30.00% |        5982     17.73%     47.73% |        8393     24.87%     72.60% |        9247     27.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETS::total        33747                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.PUT  |     1452619     24.99%     24.99% |     1451963     24.98%     49.97% |     1453208     25.00%     74.97% |     1454795     25.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.PUT::total      5812585                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETX  |          90     35.71%     35.71% |          48     19.05%     54.76% |          60     23.81%     78.57% |          54     21.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETX::total          252                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETS  |        1911     26.30%     26.30% |        1872     25.76%     52.06% |        1538     21.17%     73.23% |        1945     26.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETS::total         7266                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETX  |      663916     24.97%     24.97% |      663800     24.96%     49.93% |      664805     25.00%     74.93% |      666678     25.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETX::total      2659199                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETS  |      796981     25.02%     25.02% |      796091     24.99%     50.01% |      796389     25.00%     75.01% |      796075     24.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETS::total      3185536                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETX |           9    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETX::total            9                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETS |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETS::total            4                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockS |        7290     33.88%     33.88% |        2512     11.68%     45.56% |        4992     23.20%     68.76% |        6721     31.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockS::total        21515                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockM |     1471754     25.02%     25.02% |     1466720     24.94%     49.96% |     1470460     25.00%     74.96% |     1472841     25.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockM::total      5881775                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockS |           9    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockS::total            9                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.UnblockM |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.UnblockM::total            4                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.UnblockS |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.UnblockS::total            4                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.All_Unblocks |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.All_Unblocks::total            4                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B.UnblockS |        1911     26.30%     26.30% |        1872     25.76%     52.06% |        1538     21.17%     73.23% |        1945     26.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B.UnblockS::total         7266                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.Memory_Data |     1460987     25.00%     25.00% |     1459939     24.98%     49.97% |     1461254     25.00%     74.97% |     1462807     25.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.Memory_Data::total      5844987                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B_W.Memory_Data |        1911     26.30%     26.30% |        1872     25.76%     52.06% |        1538     21.17%     73.23% |        1945     26.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B_W.Memory_Data::total         7266                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETX |         197     27.48%     27.48% |         162     22.59%     50.07% |         179     24.97%     75.03% |         179     24.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETX::total          717                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETS |          69     25.65%     25.65% |          54     20.07%     45.72% |          88     32.71%     78.44% |          58     21.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETS::total          269                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Clean |        1091     24.82%     24.82% |        1117     25.41%     50.23% |        1090     24.80%     75.02% |        1098     24.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Clean::total         4396                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Dirty |          88     35.48%     35.48% |          46     18.55%     54.03% |          61     24.60%     78.63% |          53     21.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Dirty::total          248                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean |      788067     25.00%     25.00% |      787974     25.00%     50.00% |      788314     25.01%     75.00% |      788023     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean::total      3152378                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty |      664552     24.98%     24.98% |      663989     24.96%     49.94% |      664894     24.99%     74.94% |      666772     25.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty::total      2660207                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_O_W.Memory_Ack |          88     35.48%     35.48% |          46     18.55%     54.03% |          61     24.60%     78.63% |          53     21.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_O_W.Memory_Ack::total          248                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_E_W.Memory_Ack |      664552     24.98%     24.98% |      663989     24.96%     49.94% |      664894     24.99%     74.94% |      666772     25.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_E_W.Memory_Ack::total      2660207                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |      380451      0.43%      0.43% |     1001068      1.13%      1.56% |      356936      0.40%      1.97% |    86640533     98.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     88378988                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     1733269      0.16%      0.16% |     4900178      0.46%      0.63% |     1602780      0.15%      0.78% |  1047797970     99.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total   1056034197                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |      291361      0.36%      0.36% |      692200      0.86%      1.22% |      262167      0.32%      1.54% |    79539516     98.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     80785244                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2497      0.04%      0.04% |           0      0.00%      0.04% |     5821353     99.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total      5823850                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_to_L2  |       25898      0.11%      0.11% |       82490      0.36%      0.47% |       19549      0.08%      0.56% |    22894289     99.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_to_L2::total     23022226                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |        2291      0.01%      0.01% |       36581      0.21%      0.23% |        2534      0.01%      0.24% |    17017454     99.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total     17058860                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |       20257     26.29%     26.29% |       20897     27.13%     53.42% |       13073     16.97%     70.39% |       22811     29.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total        77038                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Complete_L2_to_L1 |       22548      0.13%      0.13% |       57478      0.34%      0.47% |       15607      0.09%      0.56% |    17040265     99.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Complete_L2_to_L1::total     17135898                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETX |     2668758     33.28%     33.28% |     2665891     33.25%     66.53% |     2670573     33.31%     99.84% |       12971      0.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETX::total      8018193                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETS |     3230262     33.26%     33.26% |     3212870     33.08%     66.33% |     3228814     33.24%     99.57% |       41568      0.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETS::total      9713514                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Merged_GETS |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Merged_GETS::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |       18929      0.11%      0.11% |       66707      0.38%      0.49% |       20646      0.12%      0.60% |    17539297     99.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total     17645579                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Ack |        5095     18.30%     18.30% |        1509      5.42%     23.73% |        3195     11.48%     35.21% |       18035     64.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Ack::total        27834                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |        3796     24.16%     24.16% |        2236     14.23%     38.39% |        1777     11.31%     49.70% |        7904     50.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total        15713                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Data |        5416     25.16%     25.16% |        5515     25.62%     50.78% |        5508     25.59%     76.36% |        5089     23.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Data::total        21528                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data |        2331      0.04%      0.04% |       24054      0.41%      0.45% |        3891      0.07%      0.52% |     5843034     99.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total      5873310                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1900      0.03%      0.03% |           0      0.00%      0.03% |     5815329     99.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total      5817229                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks  |        5597     19.69%     19.69% |        5723     20.14%     39.83% |        5789     20.37%     60.19% |       11314     39.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks::total        28423                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks_no_sharers |        5952      0.10%      0.10% |       26087      0.44%      0.54% |        5393      0.09%      0.64% |     5844718     99.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks_no_sharers::total      5882150                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        7294      0.23%      0.23% |       23601      0.73%      0.96% |        8706      0.27%      1.23% |     3191365     98.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total      3230966                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |         282      4.10%      4.10% |        1369     19.91%     24.01% |         318      4.62%     28.64% |        4907     71.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         6876                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |        1892      0.07%      0.07% |        5857      0.22%      0.29% |        1368      0.05%      0.34% |     2658546     99.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total      2667663                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETX |     2664182     33.33%     33.33% |     2658553     33.26%     66.58% |     2663731     33.32%     99.90% |        7723      0.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETX::total      7994189                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETS |     3216772     33.37%     33.37% |     3189794     33.09%     66.45% |     3213729     33.34%     99.79% |       20349      0.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETS::total      9640644                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       66877      0.35%      0.35% |      110249      0.57%      0.92% |       60475      0.32%      1.24% |    18941787     98.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total     19179388                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     1529455      4.67%      4.67% |     4456299     13.59%     18.26% |     1075708      3.28%     21.54% |    25720794     78.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     32782256                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        2075     42.63%     42.63% |         956     19.64%     62.26% |         783     16.08%     78.35% |        1054     21.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total         4868                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         597      9.02%      9.02% |           0      0.00%      9.02% |        6024     90.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement::total         6621                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_to_L2 |       20118     11.26%     11.26% |       23398     13.09%     24.35% |        9267      5.19%     29.54% |      125918     70.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_to_L2::total       178701                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |        1323      1.19%      1.19% |        3666      3.31%      4.50% |         927      0.84%      5.34% |      104883     94.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total       110799                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |       17033     32.99%     32.99% |       16610     32.17%     65.16% |        6580     12.74%     77.90% |       11408     22.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total        51631                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETX |        2685     24.99%     24.99% |        3419     31.82%     56.80% |        4568     42.51%     99.31% |          74      0.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETX::total        10746                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETS |        7269     26.12%     26.12% |       12438     44.69%     70.80% |        7684     27.61%     98.41% |         443      1.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETS::total        27834                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load    |          19      0.01%      0.01% |        7174      3.49%      3.50% |       11270      5.49%      8.99% |      186884     91.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load::total       205347                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Ifetch  |        1259      0.01%      0.01% |      296205      1.76%      1.77% |      513146      3.05%      4.82% |    16015310     95.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Ifetch::total     16825920                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store   |           3     21.43%     21.43% |           4     28.57%     50.00% |           4     28.57%     78.57% |           3     21.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store::total           14                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         313      6.74%      6.74% |           0      0.00%      6.74% |        4331     93.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L2_Replacement::total         4644                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_to_L2 |         732      2.73%      2.73% |        4469     16.69%     19.43% |        7749     28.95%     48.38% |       13819     51.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_to_L2::total        26769                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |         339      8.34%      8.34% |         649     15.97%     24.32% |         861     21.19%     45.51% |        2214     54.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total         4063                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |         385      1.76%      1.76% |        3888     17.75%     19.51% |        6493     29.65%     49.16% |       11136     50.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total        21902                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETX |        1705     20.81%     20.81% |        2783     33.96%     54.77% |        1957     23.88%     78.65% |        1750     21.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETX::total         8195                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETS |         781      6.92%      6.92% |        4302     38.11%     45.03% |        3063     27.13%     72.16% |        3143     27.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETS::total        11289                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |       32132      0.10%      0.10% |       84130      0.26%      0.36% |       37916      0.12%      0.48% |    32257283     99.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     32411461                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch  |      181814      0.02%      0.02% |      125169      0.01%      0.03% |         437      0.00%      0.03% |  1006033006     99.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch::total   1006340426                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |         204      0.52%      0.52% |       13468     34.30%     34.82% |         294      0.75%     35.57% |       25294     64.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total        39260                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         165      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |     3152423     99.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total      3152588                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_to_L2 |        3402      0.05%      0.05% |        4984      0.08%      0.13% |         622      0.01%      0.14% |     6585355     99.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_to_L2::total      6594363                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |          60      0.00%      0.00% |        1993      0.06%      0.06% |          64      0.00%      0.06% |     3425811     99.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total      3427928                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |        2839     81.00%     81.00% |         399     11.38%     92.38% |           0      0.00%     92.38% |         267      7.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total         3505                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETX |         130     31.33%     31.33% |          40      9.64%     40.96% |         184     44.34%     85.30% |          61     14.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETX::total          415                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETS |        1602     15.65%     15.65% |        3603     35.20%     50.85% |        2617     25.57%     76.42% |        2413     23.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETS::total        10235                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Merged_GETS |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Merged_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |      272329      1.16%      1.16% |      745873      3.19%      4.35% |      236583      1.01%      5.37% |    22130537     94.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total     23385322                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |      286616      0.40%      0.40% |      664500      0.94%      1.34% |      259111      0.37%      1.71% |    69768521     98.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total     70978748                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1422      0.05%      0.05% |           0      0.00%      0.05% |     2658575     99.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L2_Replacement::total      2659997                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_to_L2 |        1646      0.01%      0.01% |       49639      0.31%      0.32% |        1911      0.01%      0.33% |    16169197     99.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_to_L2::total     16222393                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |         569      0.00%      0.00% |       30273      0.22%      0.23% |         682      0.01%      0.23% |    13484546     99.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total     13516070                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETX |          56      1.20%      1.20% |        1096     23.58%     24.78% |         133      2.86%     27.65% |        3363     72.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETX::total         4648                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETS |        3838     16.32%     16.32% |        2733     11.62%     27.95% |        1721      7.32%     35.27% |       15220     64.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETS::total        23512                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Merged_GETS |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           2     66.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Merged_GETS::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Load   |        1323      1.20%      1.20% |        3644      3.29%      4.49% |         926      0.84%      5.33% |      104728     94.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Load::total       110621                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Ifetch |       17033     32.99%     32.99% |       16610     32.17%     65.16% |        6580     12.74%     77.90% |       11408     22.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Ifetch::total        51631                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Store  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          22     12.36%     12.36% |           1      0.56%     12.92% |         155     87.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Store::total          178                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Load   |         336      8.29%      8.29% |         648     15.98%     24.27% |         859     21.18%     45.45% |        2212     54.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Load::total         4055                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Ifetch |         385      1.76%      1.76% |        3888     17.75%     19.51% |        6493     29.65%     49.16% |       11136     50.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Ifetch::total        21902                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Store  |           3     37.50%     37.50% |           1     12.50%     50.00% |           2     25.00%     75.00% |           2     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Store::total            8                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Load   |          59      0.00%      0.00% |        1411      0.04%      0.04% |          58      0.00%      0.04% |     3425737     99.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Load::total      3427265                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Ifetch |        2839     81.00%     81.00% |         399     11.38%     92.38% |           0      0.00%     92.38% |         267      7.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Ifetch::total         3505                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Store  |           1      0.15%      0.15% |         582     87.78%     87.93% |           6      0.90%     88.84% |          74     11.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Store::total          663                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Load  |          82      0.00%      0.00% |       24239      0.38%      0.38% |         140      0.00%      0.38% |     6399637     99.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Load::total      6424098                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Store |         487      0.01%      0.01% |        6034      0.09%      0.09% |         542      0.01%      0.10% |     7084909     99.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Store::total      7091972                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |        2545      0.03%      0.03% |       11593      0.15%      0.18% |        1761      0.02%      0.20% |     7972651     99.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total      7988550                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |        1540     45.28%     45.28% |         739     21.73%     67.01% |         712     20.94%     87.94% |         410     12.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total         3401                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data |         352      0.01%      0.01% |        5118      0.19%      0.21% |         656      0.02%      0.23% |     2658136     99.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data::total      2664262                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        2694     53.97%     53.97% |         807     16.17%     70.13% |         143      2.86%     73.00% |        1348     27.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total         4992                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Data   |        2075     41.12%     41.12% |         978     19.38%     60.50% |         784     15.54%     76.04% |        1209     23.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Data::total         5046                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack    |          18     27.27%     27.27% |          15     22.73%     50.00% |          18     27.27%     77.27% |          15     22.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack::total           66                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks_no_sharers |           6     27.27%     27.27% |           5     22.73%     50.00% |           6     27.27%     77.27% |           5     22.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks_no_sharers::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.Ack   |        2963     32.58%     32.58% |        2041     22.44%     55.03% |        2695     29.63%     84.66% |        1395     15.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.Ack::total         9094                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.All_acks_no_sharers |        3615     42.80%     42.80% |        1717     20.33%     63.12% |        1496     17.71%     80.83% |        1619     19.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.All_acks_no_sharers::total         8447                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     15.00%     15.00% |           1      5.00%     20.00% |          16     80.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load::total           20                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1     25.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Ack   |        1971     14.14%     14.14% |        5503     39.47%     53.61% |        2159     15.49%     69.10% |        4308     30.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Ack::total        13941                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.All_acks_no_sharers |        1978      0.06%      0.06% |       18936      0.59%      0.65% |        3234      0.10%      0.75% |     3184896     99.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.All_acks_no_sharers::total      3209044                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store |          79      6.88%      6.88% |         767     66.75%     73.63% |          55      4.79%     78.42% |         248     21.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store::total         1149                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Ack  |         166      7.42%      7.42% |         877     39.20%     46.62% |         192      8.58%     55.21% |        1002     44.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Ack::total         2237                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.All_acks_no_sharers |         353      0.01%      0.01% |        5118      0.19%      0.21% |         657      0.02%      0.23% |     2658138     99.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.All_acks_no_sharers::total      2664266                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ack    |        4321      0.04%      0.04% |       41439      0.43%      0.48% |       10444      0.11%      0.58% |     9556901     99.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ack::total      9613105                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Ack |        3066     13.61%     13.61% |        1139      5.06%     18.66% |        2070      9.19%     27.85% |       16254     72.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Ack::total        22529                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |         181      2.49%      2.49% |         519      7.14%      9.63% |         281      3.87%     13.50% |        6285     86.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total         7266                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Data |        5416     25.16%     25.16% |        5515     25.62%     50.78% |        5508     25.59%     76.36% |        5089     23.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Data::total        21528                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data |        1979      0.06%      0.06% |       18936      0.59%      0.65% |        3235      0.10%      0.75% |     3184898     99.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data::total      3209048                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          95     53.98%     53.98% |           2      1.14%     55.11% |          79     44.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load::total          176                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ifetch |         202     12.02%     12.02% |         239     14.22%     26.23% |          98      5.83%     32.06% |        1142     67.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ifetch::total         1681                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ack    |        4251     31.27%     31.27% |        4432     32.60%     63.87% |        3234     23.79%     87.66% |        1677     12.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ack::total        13594                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Shared_Ack |        2029     38.25%     38.25% |         370      6.97%     45.22% |        1125     21.21%     66.43% |        1781     33.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Shared_Ack::total         5305                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks |        5597     19.69%     19.69% |        5723     20.14%     39.83% |        5789     20.37%     60.19% |       11314     39.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks::total        28423                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks_no_sharers |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         311     83.83%     83.83% |           0      0.00%     83.83% |          60     16.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks_no_sharers::total          371                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Load   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           4     80.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Load::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         313      6.74%      6.74% |           0      0.00%      6.74% |        4331     93.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack::total         4644                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         264    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load::total          264                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           9      1.26%      1.26% |           0      0.00%      1.26% |         708     98.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store::total          717                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1587      0.03%      0.03% |           0      0.00%      0.03% |     5810998     99.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack::total      5812585                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ST.Complete_L2_to_L1 |       18356     11.30%     11.30% |       20276     12.48%     23.78% |        7507      4.62%     28.41% |      116291     71.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ST.Complete_L2_to_L1::total       162430                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |         724      2.79%      2.79% |        4537     17.47%     20.26% |        7354     28.32%     48.58% |       13350     51.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total        25965                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |        2899      0.08%      0.08% |        2392      0.07%      0.15% |          64      0.00%      0.16% |     3426078     99.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total      3431433                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |         569      0.00%      0.00% |       30273      0.22%      0.23% |         682      0.01%      0.23% |    13484546     99.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total     13516070                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.671694                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1671694129500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               53900134658001                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 121451                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   181719                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              274007204                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2079864                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  6100.91                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   740963077                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1108648910                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     94242560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          94242560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     42628224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       42628224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1472540                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total            1472540                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       666066                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            666066                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     56375481                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             56375481                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     25500014                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            25500014                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0     81875495                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            81875495                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                    1472540                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    666066                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                  1472540                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  666066                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              94168896                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  73664                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               42609408                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               94242560                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            42628224                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                  1151                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                  279                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            92387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            92253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            91734                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            91395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            91621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            91939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            92376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            93555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            92218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            91790                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           91724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           91678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           91849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           91154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           91614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           92102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            42295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            41685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            41602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            41155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            41221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            41268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            41718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            42302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            41803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            41369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           41342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           41355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           41556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           41391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           41697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           42013                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 1671696862000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6              1472540                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              666066                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                1471195                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                    194                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                 33743                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                 34294                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                 37000                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                 37433                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                 37447                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                 37411                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                 37399                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                 37377                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                 37394                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                 37469                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                 37440                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                 37388                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                 37409                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                 37389                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                 37376                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                 37253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                 37245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                 37251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                    46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples      1003553                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   136.294115                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    90.618110                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   192.781985                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       771873     76.91%     76.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        99312      9.90%     86.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        52036      5.19%     92.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        23832      2.37%     94.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639        10123      1.01%     95.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         6636      0.66%     96.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         6259      0.62%     96.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        20961      2.09%     98.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        12521      1.25%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total      1003553                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        37245                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     39.608807                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  1043.906018                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095        37240     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4096-8191            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8192-12287            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::106496-110591            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::110592-114687            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::122880-126975            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        37245                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        37245                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.875473                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.864111                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.622978                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16            3083      8.28%      8.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17             368      0.99%      9.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18           32087     86.15%     95.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19            1541      4.14%     99.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20             148      0.40%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21              14      0.04%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22               3      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::23               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        37245                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 15328636248                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            42917179998                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                7356945000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    10417.80                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               29167.80                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       56.33                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       25.49                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    56.38                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    25.50                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.64                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     24.56                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  889154                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 244455                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                60.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               36.72                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    781675.94                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   53.04                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy              3805953480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy              2076661125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             5764270200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy            2159434080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        109402952880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        456408223740                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        604642940250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          1184260435755                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           707.020430                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1001538304500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  55821740000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 614340044250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy              3792171600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy              2069141250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             5742531600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy            2154768480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        109402952880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        454975710570                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        605899530750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          1184036807130                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           706.886921                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1003718463500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  55821740000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 612159803500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     94175168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          94175168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     42587008                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       42587008                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1471487                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            1471487                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       665422                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            665422                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     56335167                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             56335167                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     25475359                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            25475359                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1     81810526                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            81810526                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                    1471487                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    665422                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                  1471487                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  665422                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              94114304                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  60864                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               42576640                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               94175168                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            42587008                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   951                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                  145                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            92529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            92128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            91572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            91165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            91635                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            91920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            92329                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            93523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            92198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            91749                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           91636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           91580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           91749                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           91122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           91687                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           92014                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            42361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            41552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            41402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            41139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            41233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            41317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            41749                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            42250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            41688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            41331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           41343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           41362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           41481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           41427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           41684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           41941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 1671693143500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6              1471487                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              665422                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                1470405                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                    130                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                 33819                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                 34366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 36962                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 37390                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 37436                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 37408                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 37360                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 37333                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 37380                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 37391                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 37390                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 37361                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 37364                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 37258                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 37340                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 37222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 37216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 37224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples      1001741                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   136.453379                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    90.575964                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   193.668928                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127       771225     76.99%     76.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        98421      9.82%     86.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        52145      5.21%     92.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        23365      2.33%     94.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         9904      0.99%     95.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         6541      0.65%     95.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         6094      0.61%     96.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        20915      2.09%     98.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13131      1.31%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total      1001741                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        37216                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     39.599850                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  1040.113590                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095        37210     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4096-8191            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8192-12287            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::106496-110591            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::110592-114687            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::122880-126975            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        37216                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        37216                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.875645                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.864771                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.608959                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16            2986      8.02%      8.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17             373      1.00%      9.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18           32278     86.73%     95.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19            1465      3.94%     99.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20              97      0.26%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21              12      0.03%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22               3      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::23               2      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        37216                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 15053389499                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            42625939499                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                7352680000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    10236.67                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               28986.67                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       56.30                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       25.47                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    56.34                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    25.48                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.64                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     24.04                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  888864                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 245191                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                60.44                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               36.86                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    782294.96                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   53.10                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy              3801145320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy              2074037625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             5760604200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy            2157859440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        109402952880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        455440334670                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        605491965750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          1184128899885                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           706.941901                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1002897326500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  55821740000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 612974077000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              3783220560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy              2064257250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             5739637800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy            2153025360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        109402952880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        454404796290                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        606400324500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          1183948214640                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           706.834036                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1004627295000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  55821740000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 611251040000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     94229120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          94229120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     42648064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       42648064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2      1472330                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total            1472330                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       666376                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            666376                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     56367441                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total             56367441                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     25511882                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            25511882                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2     81879323                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total            81879323                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                    1472330                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    666376                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                  1472330                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  666376                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              94168832                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                  60288                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               42640320                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               94229120                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            42648064                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                   942                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                   89                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            92567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            92258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            91666                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            91229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            91717                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            91978                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            92316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            93588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            92183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            91717                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           91741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           91651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           91757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           91154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           91681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           92185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            42495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            41464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            41421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            41182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            41315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            41368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            41778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            42337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            41801                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            41402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           41423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           41424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           41524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           41449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           41778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           42094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 1671690463500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6              1472330                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              666376                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                1471239                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                    148                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                 33814                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                 34395                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                 36994                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                 37433                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                 37474                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                 37454                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                 37433                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                 37389                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                 37445                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                 37472                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                 37445                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                 37427                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                 37417                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                 37378                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                 37400                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                 37282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                 37278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                 37285                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                    54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples      1003435                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   136.341076                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean    90.522702                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   193.604730                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127       772887     77.02%     77.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        98386      9.80%     86.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        52260      5.21%     92.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511        23326      2.32%     94.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         9927      0.99%     95.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         6471      0.64%     96.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         5979      0.60%     96.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        21050      2.10%     98.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13149      1.31%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total      1003435                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        37276                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     39.554566                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  1057.516740                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095        37270     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::4096-8191            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::8192-12287            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::110592-114687            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::118784-122879            2      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        37276                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        37276                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.873565                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.862505                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.613925                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16            3051      8.18%      8.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::17             370      0.99%      9.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18           32242     86.50%     95.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::19            1477      3.96%     99.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::20             126      0.34%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::21              10      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        37276                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 15223737250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            42812262250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                7356940000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    10346.51                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               29096.51                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                       56.33                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       25.51                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                    56.37                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    25.51                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.64                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     23.83                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  888796                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 245415                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                60.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               36.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    781636.40                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   53.06                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy              3804917760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy              2076096000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy             5764621200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy            2160172800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy        109402952880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy        455713429365                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy        605252409000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          1184174599005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           706.969184                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1002488868250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF  55821740000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 613382601750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy              3792080880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy              2069091750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy             5741954400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy            2157159600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy        109402952880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy        454858399440                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy        606002435250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          1184024074200                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           706.879319                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1003910918250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF  55821740000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 611967193750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     94360704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          94360704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     42765760                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       42765760                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3      1474386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total            1474386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       668215                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            668215                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     56446154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total             56446154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     25582288                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            25582288                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3     82028441                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total            82028441                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                    1474386                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    668215                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                  1474386                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  668215                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              94300416                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                  60288                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               42757120                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               94360704                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            42765760                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                   942                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                  112                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            92566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            92126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            91788                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            91395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            91816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            92067                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            92541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            93713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            92487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            91849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           91859                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           91777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           92009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           91448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           91771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           92232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            42483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            41704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            41535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            41307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            41432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            41443                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            41938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            42435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            41936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            41498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           41532                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           41506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           41734                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           41582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           41876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           42139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 1671689975500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6              1474386                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              668215                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                1473293                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                    151                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                 33860                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                 34440                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                 37053                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                 37572                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                 37564                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                 37558                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                 37530                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                 37505                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                 37530                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                 37580                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                 37571                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                 37498                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                 37574                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                 37562                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                 37500                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                 37384                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                 37363                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                 37370                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                    56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples      1007666                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   136.015100                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean    90.374503                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   193.269567                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127       777205     77.13%     77.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        98426      9.77%     86.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        51998      5.16%     92.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511        23522      2.33%     94.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         9886      0.98%     95.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         6433      0.64%     96.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         5986      0.59%     96.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        21089      2.09%     98.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13121      1.30%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total      1007666                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        37362                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     39.518174                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  1077.810390                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095        37358     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::8192-12287            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::110592-114687            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::118784-122879            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::122880-126975            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        37362                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        37362                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.881270                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.869410                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.638875                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16            3105      8.31%      8.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::17             346      0.93%      9.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18           32087     85.88%     95.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::19            1624      4.35%     99.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::20             144      0.39%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::21              28      0.07%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::22              17      0.05%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::23              10      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::24               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        37362                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 15434220997                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            43061295997                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                7367220000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    10474.93                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               29224.93                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                       56.41                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       25.58                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                    56.45                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    25.58                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.64                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     24.13                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  888617                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 245244                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                60.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               36.71                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    780215.25                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   52.95                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy              3821043240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy              2084894625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy             5769956400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy            2166114960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy        109402952880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy        456021991170                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy        604981740750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          1184248694025                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           707.013420                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1002060773750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF  55821740000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 613816181750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy              3808032480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy              2077795500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy             5752734000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy            2163043440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy        109402952880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy        454937086800                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy        605933411250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          1184075056350                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           706.909756                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1003797603250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF  55821740000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 612079269250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      3344925276                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    2621989                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                      5331994                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              5232965                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  3476                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     143676                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       376357                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     5232965                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         3476                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           10645363                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           4269550                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                5575                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes               2717                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             2907051                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes            1694754                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      1274756                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     782383                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    492373                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              3332688145.947547                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              12237130.052453                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.003658                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.996342                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           565366                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                63814      1.20%      1.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  3965459     74.37%     75.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    7188      0.13%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    18438      0.35%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                   2558      0.05%     76.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                     16      0.00%     76.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  782383     14.67%     90.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 492373      9.23%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                   5332229                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      3337854087                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   14082286                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     25335589                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             25069765                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                  9971                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     519781                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      1818173                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    25069765                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                         9971                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           50085230                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          20706898                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads               16399                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes               7926                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads            14711258                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           10228944                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      5390448                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    3386995                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   2003453                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              3285518009.374335                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              52336077.625665                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.015680                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.984320                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          2481396                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                78177      0.31%      0.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 19801038     78.15%     78.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   41331      0.16%     78.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                    17287      0.07%     78.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                   7524      0.03%     78.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                     16      0.00%     78.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 3386995     13.37%     92.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                2003453      7.91%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  25335821                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      3346359890                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    3966372                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      7760374                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              7648261                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                 16122                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     163300                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       600133                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     7648261                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                        16122                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           15252000                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           6183650                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads               26170                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes              12748                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             4225063                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            2594802                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      1747116                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                    1032879                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    714237                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              3329229707.072933                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              17130182.927067                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.005119                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.994881                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           852734                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                68634      0.88%      0.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  5903256     76.07%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    8128      0.10%     77.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    21474      0.28%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                  12050      0.16%     77.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                     48      0.00%     77.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                 1032879     13.31%     90.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 714237      9.20%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   7760706                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      3343878369                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                  718951837                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                   1067756073                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses            467214239                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses             708859008                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     967620                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts     11085779                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                   467214239                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                    708859008                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads          978721330                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes         346366525                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads          1593870070                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes          654328234                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads           113379678                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes          202581750                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                    130209579                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                   75924580                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                  54284999                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              60550772.893958                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              3283327596.106042                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.981892                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.018108                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                         12381745                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass               331947      0.03%      0.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                433806563     40.63%     40.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   89223      0.01%     40.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                     2866      0.00%     40.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd              503332514     47.14%     87.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     87.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                     16      0.00%     87.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     87.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     87.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     87.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     87.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     87.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     87.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     87.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     87.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     87.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     87.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     87.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     87.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     87.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     87.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     87.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     87.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     87.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     87.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     87.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     87.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     87.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     87.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     87.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                75924580      7.11%     94.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite               54284999      5.08%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                1067772708                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 3228                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                3228                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                3548                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               3548                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               271                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              271                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          120                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          122                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          122                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          120                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          484                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          480                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1588                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          990                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3064                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          956                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         4484                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1008                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         6460                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           80                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          468                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          504                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1006                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2074                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          468                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          466                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1042                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2012                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   14094                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          244                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          244                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          794                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1980                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3746                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         2242                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         6194                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           46                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          252                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2012                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3278                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          233                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2084                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3307                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    17493                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                81000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy              1919981                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             4413000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             1345497                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             1354494                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             1354991                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             1392784                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              357998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             2492500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             5381000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             1600500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             1570500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages            2                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes         8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs            2                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   2478262142                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000686                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2478260976    100.00%    100.00% |        1166      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   2478262142                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     2478262142                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.688625                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.057453                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         9.011401                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  2478045836     99.99%     99.99% |       89779      0.00%     99.99% |      126045      0.01%    100.00% |         404      0.00%    100.00% |          76      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       2478262142                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   2466364695                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean      1.139707                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.034068                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.173690                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |  2431907925     98.60%     98.60% |           0      0.00%     98.60% |           0      0.00%     98.60% |           0      0.00%     98.60% |           0      0.00%     98.60% |    34456770      1.40%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   2466364695                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     11897447                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   115.480585                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   109.044116                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    60.154761                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |    11681141     98.18%     98.18% |       89779      0.75%     98.94% |      126045      1.06%    100.00% |         404      0.00%    100.00% |          76      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     11897447                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.incomplete_times_seqr          345                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1239286                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        40086                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1279372                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits      3440421                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses        35353                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3475774                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        44509                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        30930                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        75439                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits      5218032                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses       175084                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      5393116                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits     18402121                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses        31037                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses     18433158                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits       159421                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        46700                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses       206121                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles           290                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1706536                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses        50532                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1757068                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits      5211401                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        40504                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses      5251905                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        54195                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        36841                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        91036                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles            10                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits    144201429                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses     22893888                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    167095317                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits   1050337541                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        41448                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses   1050378989                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits     17062933                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses      5872403                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses     22935336                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles          2388                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     0.093179                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::2        30930                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::3          141                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::4        47907                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::4      6011987                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5           28                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           46                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           46                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5           18                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      5955772                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        30930                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       247440                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         1128                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      3449304                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     48095896                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5         2016                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          368                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          368                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     47646176                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       247440                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized     0.095314                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Request_Control::2        46700                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Request_Control::3           58                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Data::4        70009                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Control::4      6021323                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         5247                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         6653                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         6653                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5         1406                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      5940118                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        46700                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       373600                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          464                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5040648                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     48170584                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5       377784                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        53224                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        53224                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5        11248                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     47520944                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       373600                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized     0.093645                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::2        36841                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::3           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Data::4        52121                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::4      6021772                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          748                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1042                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         1042                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          294                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      5949907                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        36841                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       294728                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      3752712                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     48174176                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        53856                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         8336                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         8336                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         2352                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     47599256                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       294728                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized     0.908310                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Request_Control::2      5872403                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Request_Control::3           68                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Data::4      5912206                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::4     17673816                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5      2659926                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      5817009                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      5817009                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5      3157083                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       114322                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      5872403                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     46979224                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          544                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    425678832                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4    141390528                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5    191514672                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     46536072                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     46536072                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5     25256664                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       914576                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     46979224                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     0.205254                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::2      1500348                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::3          160                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1472542                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::4          134                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       666032                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           34                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      1455762                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1455762                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       789730                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1500221                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      1500348                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     12002784                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         1280                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    106023024                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4         1072                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     47954304                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          272                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     11646096                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     11646096                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      6317840                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     12001768                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     12002784                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.204890                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::2      1489823                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::3          154                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1471487                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::4          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       665390                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      1454960                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1454960                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       789570                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1489701                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      1489823                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     11918584                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         1232                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    105947064                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     47908080                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     11639680                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     11639680                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      6316560                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     11917608                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     11918584                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.205166                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::2      1495757                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::3           15                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1472330                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::4          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       666344                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      1456236                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1456236                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       789892                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1495774                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      1495757                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     11966056                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          120                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    106007760                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     47976768                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     11649888                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     11649888                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      6319136                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     11966192                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     11966056                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.205565                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::2      1500946                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::3           10                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1474386                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::4          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       668183                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      1457792                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1457792                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       789609                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1500967                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      1500946                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     12007568                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           80                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    106155792                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     48109176                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     11662336                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     11662336                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      6316872                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     12007736                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     12007568                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.000002                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          130                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         1040                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.210086                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::2      5986874                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::3          339                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::4      5986495                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::4     17864708                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5      2665949                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          130                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      5824750                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      5824750                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5      3158801                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3     17960119                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      5986874                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     47894992                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         2712                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    431027640                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4    142917664                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5    191948328                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         1040                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     46598000                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     46598000                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5     25270408                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3    143680952                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     47894992                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control     17961639                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     17959489                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control     53594124                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      7997847                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     44425677                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Broadcast_Control     41906901                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Unblock_Control     17960622                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control    143693112                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   1293083208                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control    428752992                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    575844984                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    355405416                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Broadcast_Control    335255208                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Unblock_Control    143684976                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     0.094303                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3          141                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        30733                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        73248                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           46                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      5955772                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         1128                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2212776                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       585984                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          368                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     47646176                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     0.092055                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        30930                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        17174                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4      5938739                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5           28                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           46                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5           18                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        30930                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       247440                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1236528                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     47509912                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5         2016                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          368                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       247440                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization     0.096772                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3           58                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        46620                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4       104536                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         6653                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      5940118                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          464                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      3356640                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       836288                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        53224                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     47520944                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization     0.093856                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        46700                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        23389                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4      5916787                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         5247                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         6653                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5         1406                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        46700                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       373600                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1684008                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     47334296                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5       377784                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        53224                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5        11248                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       373600                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization     0.095251                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        36784                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        87130                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         1042                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      5949907                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2648448                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       697040                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         8336                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     47599256                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization     0.092039                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        36841                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        15337                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4      5934642                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          748                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1042                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          294                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        36841                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       294728                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1104264                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     47477136                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        53856                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         8336                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         2352                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       294728                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization     1.142283                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3           68                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4      5872356                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4     17599276                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      5817009                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       114322                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          544                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    422809632                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4    140794208                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     46536072                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       914576                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization     0.674337                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2      5872403                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        39850                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4        74540                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5      2659926                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      5817009                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5      3157083                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      5872403                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     46979224                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2869200                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       596320                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5    191514672                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     46536072                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5     25256664                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     46979224                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     0.168103                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2      1500348                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4          134                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       666032                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           34                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      1455762                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       789730                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      1500348                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     12002784                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4         1072                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     47954304                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          272                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     11646096                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      6317840                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     12002784                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     0.242405                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3          160                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1472540                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1455762                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1500221                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         1280                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    106022880                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     11646096                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     12001768                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.167687                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2      1489823                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       665390                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      1454960                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       789570                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      1489823                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     11918584                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     47908080                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     11639680                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      6316560                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     11918584                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.242093                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3          154                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1471487                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1454960                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1489701                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         1232                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    105947064                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     11639680                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     11917608                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.168017                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2      1495757                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       666344                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      1456236                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       789892                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      1495757                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     11966056                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     47976768                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     11649888                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      6319136                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     11966056                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.242314                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3           15                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1472330                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1456236                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1495774                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          120                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    106007760                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     11649888                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     11966192                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.168438                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2      1500946                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       668183                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      1457792                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       789609                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      1500946                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     12007568                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     48109176                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     11662336                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      6316872                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     12007568                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.242692                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3           10                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1474386                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1457792                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1500967                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           80                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    106155792                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     11662336                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     12007736                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000002                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000002                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          130                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         1040                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.094303                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3          141                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        30733                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        73248                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           46                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      5955772                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         1128                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2212776                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       585984                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          368                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     47646176                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.096772                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3           58                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        46620                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4       104536                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         6653                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      5940118                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          464                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      3356640                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       836288                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        53224                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     47520944                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.link_utilization     0.095251                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Request_Control::3           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::4        36784                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::4        87130                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         1042                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      5949907                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2648448                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       697040                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         8336                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     47599256                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.link_utilization     1.142283                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Request_Control::3           68                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::4      5872356                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::4     17599276                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      5817009                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       114322                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          544                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    422809632                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4    140794208                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     46536072                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       914576                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.link_utilization     0.168103                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::2      1500348                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::4            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::4          134                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       666032                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           34                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      1455762                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       789730                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      1500348                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     12002784                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4         1072                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     47954304                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          272                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     11646096                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      6317840                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     12002784                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.link_utilization     0.167687                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::2      1489823                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::4          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       665390                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      1454960                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       789570                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      1489823                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     11918584                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     47908080                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     11639680                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      6316560                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     11918584                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.link_utilization     0.168017                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Request_Control::2      1495757                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::4          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       666344                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      1456236                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       789892                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      1495757                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     11966056                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     47976768                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     11649888                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      6319136                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     11966056                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.link_utilization     0.168438                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Request_Control::2      1500946                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Control::4          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       668183                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      1457792                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       789609                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      1500946                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     12007568                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     48109176                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     11662336                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      6316872                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     12007568                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.link_utilization     0.000002                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    180289686                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       6.022009                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.542303                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     23.510703                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   180156551     99.93%     99.93% |       58757      0.03%     99.96% |       74112      0.04%    100.00% |         222      0.00%    100.00% |          42      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     180289686                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    173790469                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.151866                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.318119                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.192470                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |   153772140     88.48%     88.48% |           0      0.00%     88.48% |           0      0.00%     88.48% |           0      0.00%     88.48% |           0      0.00%     88.48% |    20018329     11.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    173790469                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      6499217                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   109.510485                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   102.863733                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    62.853643                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     6366082     97.95%     97.95% |       58757      0.90%     98.86% |       74112      1.14%    100.00% |         222      0.00%    100.00% |          42      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      6499217                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples    111881778                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       8.066535                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.685085                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     28.707653                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |   111005099     99.22%     99.22% |      793763      0.71%     99.93% |       13707      0.01%     99.94% |       17222      0.02%     99.95% |       40062      0.04%     99.99% |       11709      0.01%    100.00% |         120      0.00%    100.00% |          62      0.00%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total     111881778                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    106531618                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.286694                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.361430                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.348336                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |    92824262     87.13%     87.13% |           0      0.00%     87.13% |           0      0.00%     87.13% |           0      0.00%     87.13% |           0      0.00%     87.13% |    13707356     12.87%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    106531618                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5350160                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   123.153898                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   117.757177                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    55.682566                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     4473481     83.61%     83.61% |      793763     14.84%     98.45% |       13707      0.26%     98.71% |       17222      0.32%     99.03% |       40062      0.75%     99.78% |       11709      0.22%    100.00% |         120      0.00%    100.00% |          62      0.00%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      5350160                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   2133574023                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.002002                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000284                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.374127                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  2133572098    100.00%    100.00% |        1721      0.00%    100.00% |          30      0.00%    100.00% |          39      0.00%    100.00% |         102      0.00%    100.00% |          33      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   2133574023                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   2133548431                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.000969                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000232                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.098415                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |  2133341767     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |      206664      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   2133548431                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        25592                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    87.187090                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    72.141186                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    58.599613                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       23667     92.48%     92.48% |        1721      6.72%     99.20% |          30      0.12%     99.32% |          39      0.15%     99.47% |         102      0.40%     99.87% |          33      0.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        25592                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples     51417361                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.106251                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.024214                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.346015                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |    51417126    100.00%    100.00% |         200      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total     51417361                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     51409046                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.097170                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.023574                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.980948                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |    50909504     99.03%     99.03% |           0      0.00%     99.03% |           0      0.00%     99.03% |           0      0.00%     99.03% |           0      0.00%     99.03% |      499542      0.97%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     51409046                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         8315                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    57.248827                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    48.739023                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    45.844795                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        8080     97.17%     97.17% |         200      2.41%     99.58% |          10      0.12%     99.70% |           4      0.05%     99.75% |          14      0.17%     99.92% |           7      0.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         8315                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       549647                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.502752                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.224473                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     7.983067                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      549518     99.98%     99.98% |         113      0.02%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       549647                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       535484                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.464608                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.117851                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.104810                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |      510605     95.35%     95.35% |           0      0.00%     95.35% |           0      0.00%     95.35% |           0      0.00%     95.35% |           0      0.00%     95.35% |       24879      4.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       535484                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        14163                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    41.753583                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    38.358378                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    26.915067                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       14034     99.09%     99.09% |         113      0.80%     99.89% |           5      0.04%     99.92% |           5      0.04%     99.96% |           5      0.04%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        14163                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       549647                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      549647    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       549647                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       549647                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      549647    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       549647                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples   2431907153                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2431907153    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total   2431907153                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       154451                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    34.131951                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    34.071022                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.244909                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      153575     99.43%     99.43% |         870      0.56%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       154451                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::samples       154106                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::mean     1.046669                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::gmean     1.011380                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::stdev     0.679189                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request |      153362     99.52%     99.52% |          31      0.02%     99.54% |           0      0.00%     99.54% |           0      0.00%     99.54% |           0      0.00%     99.54% |         713      0.46%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::total       154106                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::samples       154106                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::mean     8.012907                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::gmean     8.008236                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::stdev     0.616112                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward |      154042     99.96%     99.96% |          58      0.04%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::total       154106                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::samples       154106                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::mean    24.002375                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::gmean    24.002229                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::stdev     0.087547                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      154056     99.97%     99.97% |          50      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::total       154106                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::samples       154106                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::mean     1.022712                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::stdev     1.670255                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion |       72570     47.09%     47.09% |       61836     40.13%     87.22% |        5524      3.58%     90.80% |          66      0.04%     90.84% |          55      0.04%     90.88% |          26      0.02%     90.90% |       14029      9.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::total       154106                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     34457542                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.999776                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.999409                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.047333                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr |         772      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    34456770    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     34457542                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     11742996                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   116.550531                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   110.725375                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    59.815879                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |    11526690     98.16%     98.16% |       89779      0.76%     98.92% |      126045      1.07%    100.00% |         404      0.00%    100.00% |          76      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     11742996                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::samples     11742996                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::mean     1.002799                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::gmean     1.000499                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::stdev     0.210848                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request |    11740915     99.98%     99.98% |           4      0.00%     99.98% |          69      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |        2002      0.02%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::total     11742996                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::samples     11742996                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::mean     8.006808                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::gmean     8.003732                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::stdev     0.379710                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    11735456     99.94%     99.94% |        5528      0.05%     99.98% |         264      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |        1748      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::total     11742996                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::samples     11742996                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::mean    24.000019                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::gmean    24.000018                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::stdev     0.007819                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    11742977    100.00%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::total     11742996                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::samples     11742996                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::mean    83.540905                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::gmean    76.574045                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::stdev    59.821142                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion |    11536045     98.24%     98.24% |      105919      0.90%     99.14% |      100628      0.86%    100.00% |         354      0.00%    100.00% |          48      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::total     11742996                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples    153772126                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   153772126    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total    153772126                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       104160                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    33.545238                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    33.521908                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.535715                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      103811     99.66%     99.66% |         343      0.33%     99.99% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       104160                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     20018343                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.999993                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.999982                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.008363                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |          14      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    20018329    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     20018343                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      6395057                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   110.747775                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   104.759460                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    62.604836                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     6261922     97.92%     97.92% |       58757      0.92%     98.84% |       74112      1.16%    100.00% |         222      0.00%    100.00% |          42      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      6395057                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     92823546                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    92823546    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     92823546                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        21695                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    35.861719                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    35.715449                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.377150                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       20940     96.52%     96.52% |         260      1.20%     97.72% |         495      2.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        21695                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     13708072                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.999478                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.998622                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.072270                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |         716      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |    13707356     99.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     13708072                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5328465                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   123.509311                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   118.330574                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    55.515535                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     4451786     83.55%     83.55% |      793763     14.90%     98.44% |       13707      0.26%     98.70% |       17222      0.32%     99.02% |       40062      0.75%     99.78% |       11709      0.22%    100.00% |         120      0.00%    100.00% |          62      0.00%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      5328465                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples   2133341767                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2133341767    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total   2133341767                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         9726                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    33.415484                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    33.410457                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.587446                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        9724     99.98%     99.98% |           2      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         9726                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       206664                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      206664    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       206664                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        15866                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   120.149565                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   115.641228                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    51.765877                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       13941     87.87%     87.87% |        1721     10.85%     98.71% |          30      0.19%     98.90% |          39      0.25%     99.15% |         102      0.64%     99.79% |          33      0.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        15866                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     50909504                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    50909504    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     50909504                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         5786                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    37.342032                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    37.273251                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.236652                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        5773     99.78%     99.78% |          11      0.19%     99.97% |           2      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         5786                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       499542                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      499542    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       499542                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         2529                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   102.792803                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    90.025555                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    62.598983                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        2294     90.71%     90.71% |         200      7.91%     98.62% |          10      0.40%     99.01% |           4      0.16%     99.17% |          14      0.55%     99.72% |           7      0.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         2529                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       510605                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      510605    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       510605                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        13084                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    35.047539                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    34.969190                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.420429                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       13000     99.36%     99.36% |          54      0.41%     99.77% |          28      0.21%     99.98% |           2      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        13084                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        24879                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       24879    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        24879                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1079                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   123.071362                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   117.765993                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    47.762802                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |         950     88.04%     88.04% |         113     10.47%     98.52% |           5      0.46%     98.98% |           5      0.46%     99.44% |           5      0.46%     99.91% |           1      0.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         1079                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       549605                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      549605    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       549605                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples           42                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          42    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total           42                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |      675390     25.01%     25.01% |      672852     24.91%     49.92% |      675009     24.99%     74.91% |      677487     25.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total      2700738                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS    |      825261     25.10%     25.10% |      817213     24.86%     49.96% |      821066     24.98%     74.94% |      823724     25.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS::total      3287264                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUT     |     1455762     24.99%     24.99% |     1454960     24.98%     49.97% |     1456236     25.00%     74.97% |     1457792     25.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUT::total      5824750                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockS |       14185     29.37%     29.37% |        9280     19.21%     48.58% |       11297     23.39%     71.97% |       13539     28.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockS::total        48301                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockM |     1486163     25.03%     25.03% |     1480543     24.93%     49.96% |     1484460     25.00%     74.95% |     1487407     25.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockM::total      5938573                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Clean |        1254     25.20%     25.20% |        1241     24.94%     50.14% |        1244     25.00%     75.14% |        1237     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Clean::total         4976                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Dirty |          95     33.81%     33.81% |          54     19.22%     53.02% |          69     24.56%     77.58% |          63     22.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Dirty::total          281                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean |      788476     25.00%     25.00% |      788329     25.00%     50.00% |      788648     25.01%     75.00% |      788372     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean::total      3153825                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty |      665937     24.98%     24.98% |      665336     24.96%     49.94% |      666275     24.99%     74.94% |      668120     25.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty::total      2665668                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |          32     25.00%     25.00% |          32     25.00%     50.00% |          32     25.00%     75.00% |          32     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |     1472540     25.00%     25.00% |     1471487     24.98%     49.98% |     1472330     24.99%     74.97% |     1474386     25.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      5890743                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      666066     24.98%     24.98% |      665422     24.96%     49.94% |      666376     24.99%     74.94% |      668215     25.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      2666079                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Ack     |         134     25.87%     25.87% |         128     24.71%     50.58% |         128     24.71%     75.29% |         128     24.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Ack::total          518                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Data |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |          34     26.15%     26.15% |          32     24.62%     50.77% |          32     24.62%     75.38% |          32     24.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total          130                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_Unblocks |         160     47.20%     47.20% |         154     45.43%     92.63% |          15      4.42%     97.05% |          10      2.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_Unblocks::total          339                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETX |        3740     33.18%     33.18% |        1632     14.48%     47.65% |        2685     23.82%     71.47% |        3216     28.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETX::total        11273                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETS |        4936     31.66%     31.66% |        2269     14.56%     46.22% |        3535     22.68%     68.89% |        4849     31.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETS::total        15589                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.PUT  |        1349     25.66%     25.66% |        1295     24.63%     50.29% |        1313     24.98%     75.27% |        1300     24.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.PUT::total         5257                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETX |        4124     25.76%     25.76% |        3864     24.13%     49.89% |        3922     24.49%     74.38% |        4102     25.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETX::total        16012                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETS |       14847     28.06%     28.06% |       10417     19.69%     47.74% |       13270     25.08%     72.82% |       14382     27.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETS::total        52916                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.PUT  |     1454413     24.99%     24.99% |     1453665     24.98%     49.97% |     1454923     25.00%     74.97% |     1456492     25.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.PUT::total      5819493                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.DMA_READ |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.DMA_READ::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETX  |         126     32.73%     32.73% |          80     20.78%     53.51% |          92     23.90%     77.40% |          87     22.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETX::total          385                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETS  |        3912     25.60%     25.60% |        3894     25.48%     51.07% |        3505     22.93%     74.01% |        3973     25.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETS::total        15284                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETX  |      667170     24.97%     24.97% |      667096     24.96%     49.93% |      668087     25.00%     74.93% |      669884     25.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETX::total      2672237                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETS  |      801332     25.02%     25.02% |      800417     24.99%     50.01% |      800646     25.00%     75.01% |      800442     24.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETS::total      3202837                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_WRITE |          32     25.00%     25.00% |          32     25.00%     50.00% |          32     25.00%     75.00% |          32     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_WRITE::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETX |          30     31.25%     31.25% |          14     14.58%     45.83% |          40     41.67%     87.50% |          12     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETX::total           96                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETS |         160     47.20%     47.20% |         154     45.43%     92.63% |          15      4.42%     97.05% |          10      2.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETS::total          339                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockS |       10084     30.94%     30.94% |        5225     16.03%     46.98% |        7737     23.74%     70.72% |        9543     29.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockS::total        32589                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockM |     1486001     25.02%     25.02% |     1480382     24.93%     49.95% |     1484445     25.00%     74.95% |     1487397     25.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockM::total      5938225                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockS |          28     32.18%     32.18% |           7      8.05%     40.23% |          40     45.98%     86.21% |          12     13.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockS::total           87                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockM |           2     22.22%     22.22% |           7     77.78%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockM::total            9                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.GETS |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.UnblockM |         160     47.20%     47.20% |         154     45.43%     92.63% |          15      4.42%     97.05% |          10      2.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.UnblockM::total          339                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.UnblockS |         161     47.21%     47.21% |         154     45.16%     92.38% |          15      4.40%     96.77% |          11      3.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.UnblockS::total          341                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.All_Unblocks |         160     47.20%     47.20% |         154     45.43%     92.63% |          15      4.42%     97.05% |          10      2.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.All_Unblocks::total          339                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B.UnblockS |        3912     25.60%     25.60% |        3894     25.48%     51.07% |        3505     22.93%     74.01% |        3973     25.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B.UnblockS::total        15284                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.GETS |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           1     20.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           2     40.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.GETS::total            5                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.Memory_Data |     1468628     25.00%     25.00% |     1467593     24.98%     49.97% |     1468825     25.00%     74.97% |     1470413     25.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.Memory_Data::total      5875459                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B_W.Memory_Data |        3912     25.60%     25.60% |        3894     25.48%     51.07% |        3505     22.93%     74.01% |        3973     25.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B_W.Memory_Data::total        15284                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Ack |         128     25.00%     25.00% |         128     25.00%     50.00% |         128     25.00%     75.00% |         128     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Ack::total          512                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |          32     25.00%     25.00% |          32     25.00%     50.00% |          32     25.00%     75.00% |          32     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Ack |           6    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Ack::total            6                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Exclusive_Data |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Exclusive_Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_W.Memory_Ack |          32     25.00%     25.00% |          32     25.00%     50.00% |          32     25.00%     75.00% |          32     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_W.Memory_Ack::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETX |         200     27.25%     27.25% |         166     22.62%     49.86% |         183     24.93%     74.80% |         185     25.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETX::total          734                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETS |          72     24.66%     24.66% |          61     20.89%     45.55% |          94     32.19%     77.74% |          65     22.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETS::total          292                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Clean |        1254     25.20%     25.20% |        1241     24.94%     50.14% |        1244     25.00%     75.14% |        1237     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Clean::total         4976                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Dirty |          95     33.81%     33.81% |          54     19.22%     53.02% |          69     24.56%     77.58% |          63     22.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Dirty::total          281                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean |      788476     25.00%     25.00% |      788329     25.00%     50.00% |      788648     25.01%     75.00% |      788372     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean::total      3153825                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty |      665937     24.98%     24.98% |      665336     24.96%     49.94% |      666275     24.99%     74.94% |      668120     25.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty::total      2665668                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_O_W.Memory_Ack |          95     33.81%     33.81% |          54     19.22%     53.02% |          69     24.56%     77.58% |          63     22.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_O_W.Memory_Ack::total          281                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_E_W.Memory_Ack |      665939     24.98%     24.98% |      665336     24.96%     49.94% |      666275     24.99%     74.94% |      668120     25.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_E_W.Memory_Ack::total      2665670                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total            2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total          128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total              2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total             128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total            2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total          128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total          128                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |      731438      0.80%      0.80% |     3053231      3.32%      4.12% |      989208      1.08%      5.19% |    87137382     94.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     91911259                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     3475774      0.32%      0.32% |    18433158      1.71%      2.03% |     5251905      0.49%      2.52% |  1050378989     97.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total   1077539826                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |      547955      0.66%      0.66% |     2339922      2.80%      3.45% |      767867      0.92%      4.37% |    79958927     95.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     83614671                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |          79      0.00%      0.00% |        9356      0.16%      0.16% |        1336      0.02%      0.18% |     5823286     99.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total      5834057                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_to_L2  |       64451      0.28%      0.28% |      197039      0.85%      1.12% |       80911      0.35%      1.47% |    22930697     98.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_to_L2::total     23273098                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |       12838      0.07%      0.07% |      130980      0.76%      0.84% |       19314      0.11%      0.95% |    17028896     99.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total     17192028                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |       31781     24.52%     24.52% |       28498     21.98%     46.50% |       35029     27.02%     73.53% |       34318     26.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total       129626                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Complete_L2_to_L1 |       44619      0.26%      0.26% |      159478      0.92%      1.18% |       54343      0.31%      1.49% |    17063214     98.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Complete_L2_to_L1::total     17321654                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETX |     2689662     33.20%     33.20% |     2688537     33.19%     66.40% |     2689693     33.21%     99.60% |       32341      0.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETX::total      8100233                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETS |     3266110     33.13%     33.13% |     3251581     32.98%     66.10% |     3260214     33.07%     99.17% |       81981      0.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETS::total      9859886                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Merged_GETS |         141     41.59%     41.59% |          58     17.11%     58.70% |          72     21.24%     79.94% |          68     20.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Merged_GETS::total          339                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |       59262      0.33%      0.33% |      101966      0.57%      0.90% |       75287      0.42%      1.33% |    17579058     98.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total     17815573                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Ack |       13986     28.77%     28.77% |        2570      5.29%     34.05% |       11843     24.36%     58.41% |       20218     41.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Ack::total        48617                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |        7777     29.28%     29.28% |        3041     11.45%     40.73% |        6940     26.13%     66.86% |        8803     33.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total        26561                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Data |        6940     21.02%     21.02% |        7982     24.18%     45.19% |       10040     30.41%     75.60% |        8055     24.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Data::total        33017                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data |       16016      0.27%      0.27% |       35597      0.60%      0.87% |       19804      0.33%      1.20% |     5855498     98.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total      5926915                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |          46      0.00%      0.00% |        6653      0.11%      0.12% |        1042      0.02%      0.13% |     5817009     99.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total      5824750                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks  |       10633     22.27%     22.27% |        8570     17.95%     40.23% |       13945     29.21%     69.44% |       14589     30.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks::total        47737                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks_no_sharers |       20297      0.34%      0.34% |       38130      0.64%      0.98% |       22896      0.39%      1.37% |     5857814     98.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks_no_sharers::total      5939137                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       16985      0.52%      0.52% |       32663      1.00%      1.52% |       21024      0.64%      2.16% |     3197579     97.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total      3268251                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        3572     19.09%     19.09% |        2539     13.57%     32.65% |        5475     29.25%     61.90% |        7130     38.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total        18716                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |        7685      0.29%      0.29% |       10120      0.38%      0.66% |        8327      0.31%      0.97% |     2666016     99.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total      2692148                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETX |     2682738     33.28%     33.28% |     2676327     33.20%     66.48% |     2680209     33.25%     99.73% |       21500      0.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETX::total      8060774                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETS |     3243954     33.30%     33.30% |     3217711     33.03%     66.32% |     3237767     33.23%     99.56% |       43326      0.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETS::total      9742758                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      111645      0.57%      0.57% |      292659      1.49%      2.06% |      175739      0.90%      2.96% |    19006255     97.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total     19586298                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     3166589      6.54%      6.54% |    13839615     28.60%     35.14% |     4442729      9.18%     44.32% |    26942297     55.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     48391230                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        2456     35.67%     35.67% |        1252     18.18%     53.86% |        1817     26.39%     80.25% |        1360     19.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total         6885                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement |          33      0.35%      0.35% |        2703     29.04%     29.40% |         294      3.16%     32.56% |        6277     67.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement::total         9307                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_to_L2 |       36696     14.62%     14.62% |       33080     13.18%     27.80% |       41250     16.43%     44.23% |      139967     55.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_to_L2::total       250993                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |        3045      2.49%      2.49% |        5691      4.65%      7.14% |        6795      5.55%     12.69% |      106822     87.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total       122353                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |       27487     28.60%     28.60% |       22006     22.90%     51.49% |       25941     26.99%     78.48% |       20683     21.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total        96117                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETX |        2896     23.07%     23.07% |        4110     32.74%     55.80% |        4838     38.53%     94.34% |         711      5.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETX::total        12555                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETS |        9151     18.82%     18.82% |       18639     38.34%     57.16% |       11828     24.33%     81.49% |        8999     18.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETS::total        48617                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load    |        8816      3.79%      3.79% |       15214      6.54%     10.33% |       14432      6.21%     16.54% |      194061     83.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load::total       232523                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Ifetch  |       39843      0.23%      0.23% |      681424      3.90%      4.12% |      661212      3.78%      7.90% |    16109253     92.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Ifetch::total     17491732                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store   |         122     43.88%     43.88% |          69     24.82%     68.71% |          50     17.99%     86.69% |          37     13.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store::total          278                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L2_Replacement |           3      0.06%      0.06% |         711     13.52%     13.58% |         191      3.63%     17.22% |        4352     82.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L2_Replacement::total         5257                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_to_L2 |        2791      7.80%      7.80% |        7059     19.72%     27.52% |       10280     28.72%     56.24% |       15662     43.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_to_L2::total        35792                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |        1431     21.46%     21.46% |        1236     18.54%     40.00% |        1210     18.15%     58.15% |        2790     41.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total         6667                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |        1069      3.88%      3.88% |        5774     20.98%     24.86% |        8283     30.10%     54.96% |       12396     45.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total        27522                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETX |        2815     25.84%     25.84% |        3343     30.69%     56.54% |        2313     21.24%     77.77% |        2421     22.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETX::total        10892                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETS |        2641     16.94%     16.94% |        5614     36.01%     52.95% |        3362     21.57%     74.52% |        3972     25.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETS::total        15589                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |       93401      0.29%      0.29% |      153254      0.47%      0.76% |      111266      0.34%      1.10% |    32307654     98.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     32665575                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch  |      233434      0.02%      0.02% |     3880446      0.38%      0.41% |      105805      0.01%      0.42% |  1007283738     99.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch::total   1011503423                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |        2923      5.47%      5.47% |       18211     34.08%     39.54% |        5163      9.66%     49.21% |       27146     50.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total        53443                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |          19      0.00%      0.00% |         859      0.03%      0.03% |         163      0.01%      0.03% |     3153165     99.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total      3154206                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_to_L2 |       10219      0.15%      0.15% |        8202      0.12%      0.28% |        6610      0.10%      0.38% |     6589991     99.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_to_L2::total      6615022                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |        2304      0.07%      0.07% |        3030      0.09%      0.16% |        2141      0.06%      0.22% |     3427034     99.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total      3434509                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |        3225     53.87%     53.87% |         718     11.99%     65.86% |         805     13.45%     79.31% |        1239     20.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total         5987                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETX |         371     16.71%     16.71% |         175      7.88%     24.59% |        1022     46.04%     70.63% |         652     29.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETX::total         2220                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETS |        4676     27.37%     27.37% |        5397     31.59%     58.95% |        3364     19.69%     78.64% |        3650     21.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETS::total        17087                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Merged_GETS |          44     65.67%     65.67% |          20     29.85%     95.52% |           2      2.99%     98.51% |           1      1.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Merged_GETS::total           67                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |      491621      1.88%      1.88% |     2470806      9.46%     11.35% |      651816      2.50%     13.84% |    22491255     86.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total     26105498                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |      529734      0.72%      0.72% |     2266595      3.07%      3.79% |      746544      1.01%      4.81% |    70173998     95.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total     73716871                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L2_Replacement |          24      0.00%      0.00% |        5083      0.19%      0.19% |         688      0.03%      0.22% |     2659492     99.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L2_Replacement::total      2665287                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_to_L2 |       14745      0.09%      0.09% |      148698      0.91%      1.00% |       22771      0.14%      1.14% |    16185077     98.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_to_L2::total     16371291                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |        6058      0.04%      0.04% |      121023      0.89%      0.93% |        9168      0.07%      1.00% |    13492250     99.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total     13628499                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETX |         842      6.10%      6.10% |        4582     33.22%     39.33% |        1311      9.51%     48.83% |        7057     51.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETX::total        13792                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETS |        5688     15.87%     15.87% |        4220     11.78%     27.65% |        3893     10.86%     38.52% |       22030     61.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETS::total        35831                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Merged_GETS |          97     35.66%     35.66% |          38     13.97%     49.63% |          70     25.74%     75.37% |          67     24.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Merged_GETS::total          272                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Load   |        3010      2.47%      2.47% |        5645      4.63%      7.10% |        6654      5.46%     12.56% |      106551     87.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Load::total       121860                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Ifetch |       27487     28.60%     28.60% |       22006     22.90%     51.49% |       25941     26.99%     78.48% |       20683     21.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Ifetch::total        96117                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Store  |          35      7.10%      7.10% |          46      9.33%     16.43% |         141     28.60%     45.03% |         271     54.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Store::total          493                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Load   |        1356     20.66%     20.66% |        1225     18.66%     39.32% |        1203     18.33%     57.65% |        2780     42.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Load::total         6564                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Ifetch |        1069      3.88%      3.88% |        5774     20.98%     24.86% |        8283     30.10%     54.96% |       12396     45.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Ifetch::total        27522                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Store  |          75     72.82%     72.82% |          11     10.68%     83.50% |           7      6.80%     90.29% |          10      9.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Store::total          103                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Load   |        1852      0.05%      0.05% |        2231      0.07%      0.12% |        1421      0.04%      0.16% |     3426773     99.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Load::total      3432277                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Ifetch |        3225     53.87%     53.87% |         718     11.99%     65.86% |         805     13.45%     79.31% |        1239     20.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Ifetch::total         5987                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Store  |         452     20.25%     20.25% |         799     35.80%     56.05% |         720     32.26%     88.31% |         261     11.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Store::total         2232                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Load  |        2713      0.04%      0.04% |       79398      1.22%      1.26% |        5451      0.08%      1.35% |     6404027     98.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Load::total      6491589                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Store |        3345      0.05%      0.05% |       41625      0.58%      0.63% |        3717      0.05%      0.68% |     7088223     99.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Store::total      7136910                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |       14000      0.17%      0.17% |       22360      0.28%      0.45% |       13404      0.17%      0.62% |     7991786     99.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total      8041550                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |        1573     40.34%     40.34% |         757     19.42%     59.76% |        1053     27.01%     86.77% |         516     13.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total         3899                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data |        6112      0.23%      0.23% |        9363      0.35%      0.58% |        7274      0.27%      0.85% |     2665500     99.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data::total      2688249                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        3286     43.86%     43.86% |        1256     16.76%     60.62% |        1056     14.10%     74.72% |        1894     25.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total         7492                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Data   |        2491     33.76%     33.76% |        1298     17.59%     51.36% |        1958     26.54%     77.89% |        1631     22.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Data::total         7378                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack    |         591     51.71%     51.71% |         240     21.00%     72.70% |         171     14.96%     87.66% |         141     12.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack::total         1143                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks_no_sharers |         197     51.71%     51.71% |          80     21.00%     72.70% |          57     14.96%     87.66% |          47     12.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks_no_sharers::total          381                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.Ack   |        3229     26.83%     26.83% |        2271     18.87%     45.70% |        4738     39.37%     85.06% |        1798     14.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.Ack::total        12036                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.All_acks_no_sharers |        4064     36.04%     36.04% |        2055     18.22%     54.26% |        3011     26.70%     80.96% |        2147     19.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.All_acks_no_sharers::total        11277                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load  |          17     12.59%     12.59% |          12      8.89%     21.48% |          45     33.33%     54.81% |          61     45.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load::total          135                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store |          24     17.52%     17.52% |           1      0.73%     18.25% |           4      2.92%     21.17% |         108     78.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store::total          137                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Ack   |        4325     19.50%     19.50% |        7158     32.28%     51.78% |        4621     20.84%     72.62% |        6073     27.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Ack::total        22177                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.All_acks_no_sharers |        9880      0.31%      0.31% |       26233      0.81%      1.12% |       12526      0.39%      1.50% |     3189890     98.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.All_acks_no_sharers::total      3238529                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store |        1083     24.58%     24.58% |        1176     26.69%     51.27% |        1373     31.16%     82.43% |         774     17.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store::total         4406                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Ack  |        2797     26.06%     26.06% |        1614     15.04%     41.10% |        3768     35.11%     76.20% |        2554     23.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Ack::total        10733                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.All_acks_no_sharers |        6136      0.23%      0.23% |        9364      0.35%      0.58% |        7278      0.27%      0.85% |     2665608     99.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.All_acks_no_sharers::total      2688386                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Other_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Other_GETS::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ack    |       25920      0.27%      0.27% |       59738      0.62%      0.88% |       40991      0.42%      1.31% |     9570619     98.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ack::total      9697268                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Ack |       11632     28.96%     28.96% |        1957      4.87%     33.84% |        9210     22.93%     56.77% |       17362     43.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Ack::total        40161                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |        3713     24.29%     24.29% |         986      6.45%     30.74% |        3929     25.71%     56.45% |        6656     43.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total        15284                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Data |        6940     21.02%     21.02% |        7982     24.18%     45.19% |       10040     30.41%     75.60% |        8055     24.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Data::total        33017                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data |        9904      0.31%      0.31% |       26234      0.81%      1.12% |       12530      0.39%      1.50% |     3189998     98.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data::total      3238666                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load   |          21      5.30%      5.30% |         104     26.26%     31.57% |         154     38.89%     70.45% |         117     29.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load::total          396                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ifetch |         555     10.88%     10.88% |         636     12.47%     23.36% |        1655     32.46%     55.81% |        2253     44.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ifetch::total         5099                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store  |          21     67.74%     67.74% |           0      0.00%     67.74% |           4     12.90%     80.65% |           6     19.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store::total           31                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ack    |        5114     22.07%     22.07% |        7329     31.63%     53.69% |        6538     28.21%     81.91% |        4193     18.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ack::total        23174                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Shared_Ack |        2354     27.84%     27.84% |         613      7.25%     35.09% |        2633     31.14%     66.23% |        2856     33.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Shared_Ack::total         8456                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks |       10633     22.27%     22.27% |        8570     17.95%     40.23% |       13945     29.21%     69.44% |       14589     30.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks::total        47737                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks_no_sharers |          20      3.55%      3.55% |         398     70.57%     74.11% |          24      4.26%     78.37% |         122     21.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks_no_sharers::total          564                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Load   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     42.86%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           4     57.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Load::total            7                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack |           3      0.06%      0.06% |         711     13.52%     13.58% |         191      3.63%     17.22% |        4352     82.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack::total         5257                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          17      5.96%      5.96% |           3      1.05%      7.02% |         265     92.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load::total          285                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          17      2.32%      2.32% |           0      0.00%      2.32% |         717     97.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store::total          734                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack |          43      0.00%      0.00% |        5942      0.10%      0.10% |         851      0.01%      0.12% |     5812657     99.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack::total      5819493                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ST.Complete_L2_to_L1 |       30532     13.98%     13.98% |       27697     12.68%     26.65% |       32736     14.98%     41.64% |      127505     58.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ST.Complete_L2_to_L1::total       218470                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |        2500      7.31%      7.31% |        7010     20.50%     27.82% |        9493     27.77%     55.58% |       15186     44.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total        34189                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |        5529      0.16%      0.16% |        3748      0.11%      0.27% |        2946      0.09%      0.36% |     3428273     99.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total      3440496                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |        6058      0.04%      0.04% |      121023      0.89%      0.93% |        9168      0.07%      1.00% |    13492250     99.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total     13628499                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
