
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.923300                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1923299737500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               54152176408501                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 102949                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   153443                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              272967543                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1814824                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  7045.89                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   725366840                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1081139572                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    189907904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total         189907904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     86805952                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       86805952                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0      2967311                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total            2967311                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1356343                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total           1356343                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     98740670                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             98740670                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     45133866                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            45133866                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    143874535                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           143874535                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                    2967311                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                   1356343                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                  2967311                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                 1356343                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM             189708416                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                 199488                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               86805440                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys              189907904                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            86805952                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                  3117                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                   10                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0           191907                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1           186093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2           187177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3           190616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4           186070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5           182494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6           182733                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7           185039                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8           184154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9           182235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10          184152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11          183118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12          183913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13          184078                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14          184455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15          185960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            91235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            85993                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            85395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            87299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            85253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            83131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            82539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            82901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            83910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            83066                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           83501                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           83402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           84524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           83791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           85011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           85384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 1923299620500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6              2967311                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6             1356343                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                2958689                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   5502                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                  2035                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                  2167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                 83962                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                 84572                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                 84573                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                 84575                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                 84565                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                 84565                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                 84571                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                 84550                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                 84542                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                 84534                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                 84533                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                 84524                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                 84519                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                 84520                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                 84513                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                 84508                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples      1972963                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   140.151372                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    90.426284                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   201.919604                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127      1557209     78.93%     78.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255       147747      7.49%     86.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        70664      3.58%     90.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        58643      2.97%     92.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639        40416      2.05%     95.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767        18491      0.94%     95.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895        19445      0.99%     96.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        11457      0.58%     97.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        48891      2.48%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total      1972963                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        84505                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     35.168487                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    24.830236                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   181.653212                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        84162     99.59%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-511           52      0.06%     99.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-767           24      0.03%     99.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023           29      0.03%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279           22      0.03%     99.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535           10      0.01%     99.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791           21      0.02%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047           29      0.03%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303           28      0.03%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559           12      0.01%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815           12      0.01%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071           18      0.02%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            9      0.01%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583           13      0.02%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            7      0.01%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095           11      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            6      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            2      0.00%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            2      0.00%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            2      0.00%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            7      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            3      0.00%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::5632-5887            2      0.00%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::5888-6143            7      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6399            6      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::6400-6655            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::7424-7679            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::7680-7935            4      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::7936-8191            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        84505                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        84505                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.050352                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.047528                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.312621                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16           82346     97.45%     97.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17              76      0.09%     97.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18            2070      2.45%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19              13      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        84505                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 49125795177                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat           104704432677                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat               14820970000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    16573.07                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               35323.07                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       98.64                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       45.13                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    98.74                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    45.13                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        1.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.53                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                 1813631                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 533928                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                61.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               39.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    444831.99                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   54.34                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy              7539724080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy              4113936750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy            11660750400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy            4430622240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        125865040080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        624437164575                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        608473680000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          1386520918125                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           719.507133                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1005935392499                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  64223380000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 853141097501                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy              7394511600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy              4034703750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy            11520171000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy            4358324880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        125865040080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        623213896410                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        609546722250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          1385933369970                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           719.202236                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1008422115250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  64223380000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 850661031750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    189547136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total         189547136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     86672064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       86672064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1      2961674                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            2961674                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1354251                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total           1354251                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     98553092                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             98553092                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     45064252                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            45064252                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    143617344                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           143617344                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                    2961674                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                   1354251                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                  2961674                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                 1354251                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM             189354880                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                 192256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               86670208                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys              189547136                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            86672064                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                  3004                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                   18                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0           192505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1           186223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2           184477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3           188270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4           184687                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5           182634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6           183039                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7           184796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8           184307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9           182194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10          183980                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11          183257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12          184110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13          183961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14          184187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15          186043                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            91420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            85974                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            83448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            88059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            84403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            83247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            82661                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            82984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            83552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            83100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           83488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           83679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           84155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           83901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           84818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           85333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 1923299364000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6              2961674                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6             1354251                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                2954185                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   4482                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                  1853                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                  1954                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 83955                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 84453                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 84472                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 84454                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 84457                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 84445                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 84449                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 84432                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 84425                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 84416                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 84419                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 84415                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 84411                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 84412                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 84403                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 84402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples      1967158                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   140.316814                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    90.409609                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   202.399701                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127      1554629     79.03%     79.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255       144161      7.33%     86.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        71440      3.63%     89.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        57930      2.94%     92.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639        40438      2.06%     94.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767        18410      0.94%     95.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895        19765      1.00%     96.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        11355      0.58%     97.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        49030      2.49%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total      1967158                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        84398                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     35.147752                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    24.732371                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   200.893382                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-511        84163     99.72%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023           34      0.04%     99.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535           28      0.03%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1536-2047           21      0.02%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2559           29      0.03%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2560-3071           12      0.01%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3583           15      0.02%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::3584-4095           22      0.03%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4607           20      0.02%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            8      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            4      0.00%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            8      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655           20      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            5      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            4      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            3      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        84398                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        84398                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.045665                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.043098                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.298064                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16           82442     97.68%     97.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17              70      0.08%     97.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18            1874      2.22%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19              12      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        84398                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 48946101675                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat           104421164175                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat               14793350000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    16543.28                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               35293.28                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       98.45                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       45.06                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    98.55                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    45.06                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        1.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.36                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                 1809272                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 536464                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                61.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               39.61                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    445628.54                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   54.39                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy              7513490880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy              4099623000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy            11617717800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy            4420630080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        125865040080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        623794745790                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        609037205250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          1386348452880                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           719.417635                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1006916581250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  64223380000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 852159919750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              7377032880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy              4025166750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy            11520334800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy            4354728480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        125865040080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        622848218895                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        609867492000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          1385858013885                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           719.163132                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1008986641750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  64223380000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 850094877750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      3844337192                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1523161                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                      3326236                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              3254335                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                      98636                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       219054                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     3254335                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads            6613187                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           2696652                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             1832238                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes             992511                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                       785082                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     484615                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    300467                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              3833397598.639279                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              10939593.360721                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.002846                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.997154                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           347651                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                57755      1.74%      1.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  2457829     73.89%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    6274      0.19%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    19299      0.58%     76.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     76.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  484615     14.57%     90.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 300467      9.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                   3326239                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      3844358653                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    3939346                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                      7896305                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses              7753394                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1778                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     205908                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       662541                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                     7753394                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                         1778                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           15438063                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           6312413                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                2988                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes               1416                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads             4968983                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes            2677144                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      1789887                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    1159657                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                    630230                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              3822228149.557818                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              22130503.442182                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.005757                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.994243                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                           906265                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                59442      0.75%      0.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  6017718     76.21%     76.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                    8256      0.10%     77.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                    19749      0.25%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                   1344      0.02%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 1159657     14.69%     92.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                 630230      7.98%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                   7896396                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      3850277856                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    1413344                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      3043462                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              2975903                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                    39                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                      83308                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       214956                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     2975903                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                           39                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads            6055494                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           2468310                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                  63                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                 31                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             1719146                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes             899597                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                       725504                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     449772                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    275732                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              3840875026.963204                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              9402829.036796                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.002442                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.997558                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           325641                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                57646      1.89%      1.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  2233897     73.40%     75.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    5906      0.19%     75.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    20502      0.67%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                     30      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  449772     14.78%     90.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 275732      9.06%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   3043485                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      3848781164                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                  717143161                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                   1064395883                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses            463904785                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses             708837843                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     899381                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts     10833331                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                   463904785                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                    708837843                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads          971895670                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes         343785861                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads          1593836311                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes          654311799                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads           111651268                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes          201634968                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                    129346086                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                   75440806                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                  53905280                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              12363862.477201                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              3836417301.522799                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.996788                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.003212                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                         12023845                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass               314000      0.03%      0.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                431345132     40.52%     40.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   88136      0.01%     40.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                     2256      0.00%     40.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd              503316796     47.29%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                75440806      7.09%     94.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite               53905280      5.06%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                1064412406                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                   79                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                  79                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1980                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1980                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq                11                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp               11                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          974                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          174                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1170                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          974                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          986                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          980                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          992                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    4140                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1948                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           87                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2079                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1948                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1969                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     8016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                27996                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy              113500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             1141000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             1146998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             1139500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             1245731                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy                5500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy              739000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy              900500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy              739500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy              746000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  4                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  39                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples              186647899                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.620691                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 2.140718                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |   172175089     92.25%     92.25% |       14534      0.01%     92.25% |    14453337      7.74%    100.00% |        1245      0.00%    100.00% |        3670      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                186647899                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   1226509968                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000424                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1226509747    100.00%    100.00% |         221      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   1226509968                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     1226509968                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          2.160415                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.112575                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev        12.888455                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  1226358495     99.99%     99.99% |      142433      0.01%    100.00% |        8079      0.00%    100.00% |         844      0.00%    100.00% |         109      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       1226509968                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   1175531195                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1175531195    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   1175531195                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     50978773                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    28.918696                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    13.021149                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    57.004185                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |    50827300     99.70%     99.70% |      142433      0.28%     99.98% |        8079      0.02%    100.00% |         844      0.00%    100.00% |         109      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     50978773                      
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_hits       692141                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_misses        92546                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_accesses       784687                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_hits      1899591                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_misses       125569                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_accesses      2025160                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_hits      1611444                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_misses       180242                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_accesses      1791686                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_hits      5025152                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_misses       131615                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_accesses      5156767                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_hits       639570                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_misses        86006                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_accesses       725576                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_hits      1770441                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_misses       107949                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_accesses      1878390                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_hits    117496288                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_misses     48734381                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_accesses    166230669                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_hits   1046396568                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_misses      1520465                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_accesses   1047917033                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_hits        148182                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_misses        69933                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_accesses       218115                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_hits        184964                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_misses       126893                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_accesses       311857                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_hits        131526                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_misses        62429                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_accesses       193955                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_hits      25743165                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_misses     24511681                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_accesses     50254846                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits     18814837                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses      5956099                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses     24770936                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            32                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     0.007538                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Control::0        69933                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::2        46967                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::1        83529                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::1        47391                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::2        42835                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         5001                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        16505                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         7458                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Control::0       559464                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       375736                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6014088                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       379128                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       342680                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       360072                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      1188360                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        59664                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.014915                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Control::0       126893                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::2        48172                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::1       151768                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::1       100984                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::2       103234                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        45462                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        12406                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        28866                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Control::0      1015144                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       385376                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     10927296                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       807872                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       825872                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3273264                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       893232                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       230928                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.006269                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Control::0        62429                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::2        39422                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::1        71067                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::1        37630                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::2        41359                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         4840                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        10393                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6992                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Control::0       499432                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       315376                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5116824                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       301040                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       330872                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       348480                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       748296                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        55936                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     2.815290                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Control::0     24511681                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::2        11102                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::1     24511886                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::1     24367390                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::2     24361713                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0     14369550                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          186                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      9985192                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Control::0    196093448                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        88816                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1   1764855792                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    194939120                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2    194893704                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0   1034607600                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        13392                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     79881536                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     3.443434                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Control::0     30699921                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::2        96033                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1     33403601                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::1     33635319                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::2     24549141                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0     14424853                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        39490                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     10028508                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Control::0    245599368                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       768264                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1   2405059272                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    269082552                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2    196393128                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0   1038589416                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      2843280                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     80228064                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.301832                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Control::0      2967311                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::1      4323654                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::1      4560875                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Control::0     23738488                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    311303088                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     36487000                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.301284                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::0      2961674                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1      4315925                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::1      4551751                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::0     23693392                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    310746600                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     36414008                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.percent_links_utilized     0.530068                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Control::0     30699921                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Request_Control::2       145663                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Data::1     33430715                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Control::1     33650670                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Control::2     24549141                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0     14424853                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        39490                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     10028508                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Control::0    245599368                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1165304                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1   2407011480                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    269205360                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2    196393128                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0   1038589416                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      2843280                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     80228064                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        92099763                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control       387359                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data    100292145                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control    174599433                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data     43393029                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     30085524                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control        736798104                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control      3098872                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   7221034440                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control   1396795464                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data   3124298088                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    240684192                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     0.008778                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        46967                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        66965                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        25652                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       375736                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4821480                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       205216                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     0.006299                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        69933                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        16564                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        21739                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        42835                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         5001                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        16505                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         7458                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       559464                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1192608                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       173912                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       342680                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       360072                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      1188360                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        59664                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.016364                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        48172                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       125827                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        78284                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       385376                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      9059544                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       626272                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.013466                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       126893                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        25941                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        22700                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       103234                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        45462                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        12406                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        28866                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      1015144                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1867752                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       181600                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       825872                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3273264                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       893232                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       230928                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.007929                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        39422                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        61930                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        13230                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       315376                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4458960                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       105840                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004608                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        62429                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         9137                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        24400                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        41359                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         4840                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        10393                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6992                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       499432                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       657864                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       195200                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       330872                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       348480                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       748296                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        55936                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     3.184158                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        11102                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1     24510590                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1     24357170                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        88816                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1   1764762480                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    194857360                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     2.446422                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0     24511681                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         1296                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        10220                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2     24361713                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0     14369550                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          186                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      9985192                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0    196093448                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        93312                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        81760                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2    194893704                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0   1034607600                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        13392                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     79881536                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     3.237876                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0     24770936                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      5954809                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      5975318                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2     24549141                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0     14424853                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        39490                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     10028508                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0    198167488                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    428746248                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     47802544                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2    196393128                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0   1038589416                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      2843280                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     80228064                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     3.648991                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      5928985                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        96033                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1     27448792                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1     27660001                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     47431880                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       768264                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1   1976313024                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    221280008                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.218071                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      2967311                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1356343                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1602266                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     23738488                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     97656696                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     12818128                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.385593                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2967311                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2958609                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    213646392                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     23668872                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.217708                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      2961674                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1354251                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1598750                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     23693392                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     97506072                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     12790000                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.384860                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2961674                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2953001                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    213240528                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     23624008                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle2.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.link_utilization     0.008778                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::2        46967                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::1        66965                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::1        25652                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       375736                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4821480                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       205216                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.link_utilization     0.016364                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::2        48172                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::1       125827                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::1        78284                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       385376                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      9059544                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       626272                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.link_utilization     0.007929                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_count.Request_Control::2        39422                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1        61930                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::1        13230                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       315376                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4458960                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       105840                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.link_utilization     3.184158                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_count.Request_Control::2        11102                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::1     24510590                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Control::1     24357170                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        88816                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1   1764762480                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    194857360                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.link_utilization     3.237876                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Control::0     24770936                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1      5954809                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::1      5975318                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::2     24549141                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0     14424853                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        39490                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     10028508                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Control::0    198167488                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    428746248                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     47802544                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2    196393128                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0   1038589416                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      2843280                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     80228064                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.link_utilization     0.218071                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_count.Control::0      2967311                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1356343                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1602266                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_bytes.Control::0     23738488                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     97656696                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     12818128                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.link_utilization     0.217708                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_count.Control::0      2961674                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1354251                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1598750                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_bytes.Control::0     23693392                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     97506072                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     12790000                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle11.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle12.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples      73773438                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         1.565850                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        3.175766                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |    59340487     80.44%     80.44% |        5426      0.01%     80.44% |    14422698     19.55%     99.99% |        1198      0.00%    100.00% |        3606      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total        73773438                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples     112188038                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.002963                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.144046                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |   112148179     99.96%     99.96% |        9108      0.01%     99.97% |       30639      0.03%    100.00% |          47      0.00%    100.00% |          64      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total       112188038                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        686423                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.000026                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.007242                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |      686414    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          686423                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples     88593641                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       9.358853                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      2.229213                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     31.991182                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |    88523529     99.92%     99.92% |       65345      0.07%     99.99% |        4157      0.00%    100.00% |         505      0.00%    100.00% |          97      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total      88593641                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     61178907                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    61178907    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     61178907                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     27414734                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    28.012525                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    13.337940                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    52.947702                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |    27344622     99.74%     99.74% |       65345      0.24%     99.98% |        4157      0.02%    100.00% |         505      0.00%    100.00% |          97      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     27414734                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     54851191                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean      12.141659                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      2.097431                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     42.652080                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    54695733     99.72%     99.72% |       74781      0.14%     99.85% |       67781      0.12%     99.98% |        8641      0.02%     99.99% |        3020      0.01%    100.00% |         885      0.00%    100.00% |         269      0.00%    100.00% |          69      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      54851191                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     41886841                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    41886841    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     41886841                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     12964350                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    48.139523                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    22.963416                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    77.459514                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |    12808892     98.80%     98.80% |       74781      0.58%     99.38% |       67781      0.52%     99.90% |        8641      0.07%     99.97% |        3020      0.02%     99.99% |         885      0.01%    100.00% |         269      0.00%    100.00% |          69      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     12964350                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   1056977350                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.022068                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.003870                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.078878                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  1056975893    100.00%    100.00% |         927      0.00%    100.00% |         487      0.00%    100.00% |          29      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   1056977350                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   1055091752                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1055091752    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   1055091752                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1885598                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    13.370086                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     8.715419                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    22.354531                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |     1884141     99.92%     99.92% |         927      0.05%     99.97% |         487      0.03%    100.00% |          29      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1885598                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples     25603466                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.858548                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.796244                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     4.763233                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |    25603069    100.00%    100.00% |         257      0.00%    100.00% |         128      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total     25603466                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     16939504                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    16939504    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     16939504                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      8663962                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean     6.492321                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     5.645368                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     6.862226                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |     8663565    100.00%    100.00% |         257      0.00%    100.00% |         128      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      8663962                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       242160                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     3.792170                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.591256                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    11.781279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      241645     99.79%     99.79% |         472      0.19%     99.98% |          12      0.00%     99.99% |          17      0.01%     99.99% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       242160                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       192031                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      192031    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       192031                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        50129                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    14.488240                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     9.430913                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    22.939828                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       49614     98.97%     98.97% |         472      0.94%     99.91% |          12      0.02%     99.94% |          17      0.03%     99.97% |           9      0.02%     99.99% |           3      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        50129                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       242160                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      242160    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       242160                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       242160                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      242160    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       242160                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |     2967311     50.05%     50.05% |     2961674     49.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      5928985                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |     1356343     50.04%     50.04% |     1354251     49.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total      2710594                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |     2967311     50.05%     50.05% |     2961674     49.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      5928985                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |     1356343     50.04%     50.04% |     1354251     49.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      2710594                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |     1602266     50.05%     50.05% |     1598750     49.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total      3201016                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |     2967311     50.05%     50.05% |     2961674     49.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      5928985                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |     1356343     50.04%     50.04% |     1354251     49.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total      2710594                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |     1602266     50.05%     50.05% |     1598750     49.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total      3201016                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |     2967311     50.05%     50.05% |     2961674     49.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      5928985                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |     1356343     50.04%     50.04% |     1354251     49.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total      2710594                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load      |      444281      0.50%      0.50% |     1058076      1.19%      1.70% |      418108      0.47%      2.17% |    86673176     97.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load::total     88593641                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     2025160      0.19%      0.19% |     5156767      0.49%      0.68% |     1878390      0.18%      0.86% |  1047917033     99.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total   1056977350                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Store     |      340406      0.42%      0.42% |      733610      0.91%      1.33% |      307468      0.38%      1.71% |    79557493     98.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Store::total     80938977                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inv       |       45416      8.40%      8.40% |       48469      8.96%     17.36% |       45343      8.39%     25.75% |      401532     74.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inv::total       540760                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.L0_Replacement |      197518      0.39%      0.39% |      288781      0.57%      0.96% |      175615      0.35%      1.31% |    49955569     98.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.L0_Replacement::total     50617483                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data      |      122364     10.77%     10.77% |      122536     10.79%     21.56% |      126383     11.12%     32.68% |      764759     67.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data::total      1136042                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |       95751      0.19%      0.19% |      189321      0.38%      0.57% |       67572      0.14%      0.71% |    49490087     99.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total     49842731                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       64860      0.24%      0.24% |      135509      0.49%      0.73% |       62300      0.23%      0.96% |    27152065     99.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Load::total     27414734                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |      125569      6.66%      6.66% |      131615      6.98%     13.64% |      107949      5.72%     19.36% |     1520465     80.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total      1885598                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Store   |       25293      0.12%      0.12% |       43743      0.20%      0.32% |       23263      0.11%      0.43% |    21581255     99.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Store::total     21673554                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Inv     |       27182     14.74%     14.74% |       26363     14.30%     29.05% |       27469     14.90%     43.95% |      103335     56.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Inv::total       184349                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       51918     17.47%     17.47% |       69291     23.32%     40.79% |       59751     20.11%     60.90% |      116159     39.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       297119                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     1574937      6.51%      6.51% |     2048628      8.47%     14.99% |     1655770      6.85%     21.84% |    18896794     78.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     24176129                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        2393     48.97%     48.97% |         990     20.26%     69.22% |         443      9.06%     78.29% |        1061     21.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Store::total         4887                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        7258      9.63%      9.63% |        7952     10.55%     20.19% |        8577     11.38%     31.57% |       51557     68.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total        75344                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.L0_Replacement |      112726     10.68%     10.68% |      113574     10.76%     21.43% |      117351     11.11%     32.55% |      712166     67.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.L0_Replacement::total      1055817                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Load    |       80539      0.15%      0.15% |      243982      0.45%      0.60% |       73891      0.14%      0.74% |    53654655     99.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Load::total     54053067                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Ifetch  |      324654      0.03%      0.03% |     2976524      0.29%      0.32% |      114671      0.01%      0.33% |  1027499774     99.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Ifetch::total   1030915623                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       11795      0.14%      0.14% |       47953      0.57%      0.70% |       11693      0.14%      0.84% |     8413098     99.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Store::total      8484539                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        4832      1.88%      1.88% |        8596      3.34%      5.22% |        4020      1.56%      6.79% |      239645     93.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total       257093                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.L0_Replacement |       51439      0.26%      0.26% |       88090      0.45%      0.72% |       28148      0.14%      0.86% |    19254972     99.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.L0_Replacement::total     19422649                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Load    |      246964      3.62%      3.62% |      609294      8.92%     12.54% |      222166      3.25%     15.79% |     5750297     84.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      6828721                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Store   |      300925      0.59%      0.59% |      640924      1.26%      1.85% |      272069      0.54%      2.39% |    49562079     97.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     50775997                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |        6144     25.63%     25.63% |        5558     23.18%     48.81% |        5277     22.01%     70.82% |        6995     29.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total        23974                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.L0_Replacement |       33353      0.11%      0.11% |       87117      0.29%      0.40% |       30116      0.10%      0.50% |    29988431     99.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.L0_Replacement::total     30139017                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data |      100988     10.55%     10.55% |       99691     10.41%     20.96% |      100777     10.52%     31.48% |      656133     68.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data::total       957589                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data_Exclusive |       24581      2.65%      2.65% |       31924      3.44%      6.09% |        7172      0.77%      6.86% |      864332     93.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data_Exclusive::total       928009                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |       21376     11.98%     11.98% |       22845     12.80%     24.78% |       25606     14.35%     39.13% |      108626     60.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total       178453                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |       43484      0.16%      0.16% |      112664      0.41%      0.57% |       36694      0.13%      0.71% |    27043439     99.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total     27236281                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Exclusive |       25293      0.12%      0.12% |       43743      0.20%      0.32% |       23263      0.11%      0.43% |    21581255     99.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Exclusive::total     21673554                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Data_Exclusive |        2393     48.97%     48.97% |         990     20.26%     69.22% |         443      9.06%     78.29% |        1061     21.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Data_Exclusive::total         4887                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |      190429      0.65%      0.65% |      267124      0.91%      1.56% |      170249      0.58%      2.14% |    28672530     97.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     29300332                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |       27686      0.13%      0.13% |       44733      0.21%      0.33% |       23706      0.11%      0.44% |    21582316     99.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     21678441                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WriteBack |       84792      0.17%      0.17% |      175207      0.35%      0.52% |       58264      0.12%      0.64% |    49243403     99.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WriteBack::total     49561666                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_DataAck |        6144     25.63%     25.63% |        5558     23.18%     48.81% |        5277     22.01%     70.82% |        6995     29.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_DataAck::total        23974                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       38244     32.26%     32.26% |       35106     29.61%     61.87% |       34793     29.35%     91.22% |       10406      8.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total       118549                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Own |       38874      4.24%      4.24% |       39688      4.33%      8.57% |       35232      3.84%     12.42% |      802690     87.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       916484                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Else |       51958     31.48%     31.48% |       57250     34.69%     66.17% |       55454     33.60%     99.77% |         374      0.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Else::total       165036                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |       30698      0.12%      0.12% |       92126      0.37%      0.50% |       28662      0.12%      0.61% |    24509943     99.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total     24661429                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |         882     68.37%     68.37% |         191     14.81%     83.18% |         121      9.38%     92.56% |          96      7.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         1290                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        7841     30.36%     30.36% |       12875     49.86%     80.22% |        4508     17.46%     97.68% |         600      2.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        25824                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |        1255     63.87%     63.87% |         520     26.46%     90.33% |           7      0.36%     90.69% |         183      9.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total         1965                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |       25010      0.18%      0.18% |       78095      0.55%      0.72% |       18621      0.13%      0.85% |    14150471     99.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total     14272197                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |        4122     15.96%     15.96% |        2969     11.50%     27.46% |       12980     50.26%     77.72% |        5753     22.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        25824                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |       36578      0.35%      0.35% |       44243      0.42%      0.77% |       30322      0.29%      1.06% |    10354183     98.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total     10465326                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Ack    |       39272      7.60%      7.60% |       42911      8.30%     15.90% |       40066      7.75%     23.66% |      394537     76.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Ack::total       516786                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |        8970     67.01%     67.01% |        2370     17.71%     84.72% |         892      6.66%     91.38% |        1154      8.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total        13386                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        4223     55.65%     55.65% |        1586     20.90%     76.54% |         506      6.67%     83.21% |        1274     16.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total         7589                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |       12459      0.05%      0.05% |       74328      0.30%      0.35% |       11832      0.05%      0.40% |    24354742     99.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total     24453361                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       56230      0.39%      0.39% |      104723      0.72%      1.11% |       52671      0.36%      1.47% |    14306192     98.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total     14519816                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |       10735      0.10%      0.10% |       21104      0.21%      0.31% |        9259      0.09%      0.40% |    10204398     99.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total     10245496                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Inv     |        2573     16.36%     16.36% |        1422      9.04%     25.40% |        1770     11.25%     36.65% |        9963     63.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Inv::total        15728                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       85713      9.83%      9.83% |       87146     10.00%     19.83% |       89738     10.30%     30.13% |      608928     69.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       871525                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        2404     47.65%     47.65% |        1062     21.05%     68.70% |         491      9.73%     78.43% |        1088     21.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total         5045                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Own |       18026      8.72%      8.72% |       17284      8.36%     17.08% |       16589      8.03%     25.11% |      154813     74.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       206712                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Else |       16414     30.98%     30.98% |       17031     32.15%     63.13% |       19457     36.72%     99.85% |          79      0.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        52981                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load   |        5431     32.14%     32.14% |        8762     51.85%     83.99% |        2595     15.36%     99.35% |         110      0.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load::total        16898                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store  |         564     97.41%     97.41% |           4      0.69%     98.10% |           8      1.38%     99.48% |           3      0.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store::total          579                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Inv    |       17950     29.93%     29.93% |       20505     34.19%     64.12% |       21272     35.47%     99.58% |         251      0.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Inv::total        59978                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.L1_Replacement |       18239      8.77%      8.77% |       17798      8.55%     17.32% |       16830      8.09%     25.41% |      155201     74.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.L1_Replacement::total       208068                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.WriteBack |       22432      0.16%      0.16% |       71818      0.51%      0.67% |       15362      0.11%      0.78% |    13960996     99.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.WriteBack::total     14070608                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Own |          31      0.02%      0.02% |        1025      0.54%      0.55% |         524      0.27%      0.83% |      189412     99.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       190992                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Else |        2552     24.07%     24.07% |        5277     49.78%     73.85% |        2729     25.74%     99.59% |          43      0.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        10601                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Inv    |        1216     36.27%     36.27% |         773     23.05%     59.32% |        1358     40.50%     99.82% |           6      0.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Inv::total         3353                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.L1_Replacement |          28      0.01%      0.01% |         999      0.52%      0.54% |         515      0.27%      0.81% |      189124     99.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.L1_Replacement::total       190666                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETX |           4     66.67%     66.67% |           1     16.67%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETX::total            6                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETS |        1237     19.49%     19.49% |        4147     65.35%     84.84% |         935     14.73%     99.57% |          27      0.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETS::total         6346                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.WriteBack |       62360      0.18%      0.18% |      103389      0.29%      0.47% |       42902      0.12%      0.59% |    35282407     99.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.WriteBack::total     35491058                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Own |        1380      2.28%      2.28% |        1535      2.54%      4.82% |         503      0.83%      5.65% |       57120     94.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Own::total        60538                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Else |        7013     37.04%     37.04% |        6317     33.36%     70.40% |        5541     29.26%     99.66% |          65      0.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        18936                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |       43055      0.31%      0.31% |       66493      0.48%      0.79% |       25245      0.18%      0.97% |    13757300     99.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total     13892093                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |       13983      0.12%      0.12% |       22563      0.20%      0.32% |       13948      0.12%      0.44% |    11376827     99.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total     11427321                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Inv    |       16505     41.80%     41.80% |       12406     31.42%     73.21% |       10393     26.32%     99.53% |         186      0.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Inv::total        39490                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement |       12431      0.05%      0.05% |       73329      0.30%      0.35% |       11317      0.05%      0.40% |    24165618     99.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement::total     24262695                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX |         878     68.38%     68.38% |         190     14.80%     83.18% |         120      9.35%     92.52% |          96      7.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX::total         1284                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS |        6604     33.90%     33.90% |        8728     44.81%     78.71% |        3573     18.34%     97.06% |         573      2.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS::total        19478                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |       25010      0.18%      0.18% |       78095      0.55%      0.72% |       18621      0.13%      0.85% |    14150471     99.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total     14272197                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |        4122     15.96%     15.96% |        2969     11.50%     27.46% |       12980     50.26%     77.72% |        5753     22.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        25824                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |       27098     12.22%     12.22% |       23659     10.67%     22.88% |       21070      9.50%     32.38% |      149968     67.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       221795                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |        1255     63.87%     63.87% |         520     26.46%     90.33% |           7      0.36%     90.69% |         183      9.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total         1965                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |        9480      0.09%      0.09% |       20584      0.20%      0.29% |        9252      0.09%      0.38% |    10204215     99.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total     10243531                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        8970     67.01%     67.01% |        2370     17.71%     84.72% |         892      6.66%     91.38% |        1154      8.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total        13386                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |        4223     55.65%     55.65% |        1586     20.90%     76.54% |         506      6.67%     83.21% |        1274     16.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total         7589                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |       12459      0.05%      0.05% |       74328      0.30%      0.35% |       11832      0.05%      0.40% |    24354742     99.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total     24453361                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |       18026      8.72%      8.72% |       17284      8.36%     17.08% |       16589      8.03%     25.11% |      154813     74.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       206712                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |       16414     30.98%     30.98% |       17031     32.15%     63.13% |       19457     36.72%     99.85% |          79      0.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        52981                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Ack |       34440     13.26%     13.26% |       34315     13.21%     26.48% |       36046     13.88%     40.36% |      154892     59.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Ack::total       259693                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_DataAck |          98      8.02%      8.02% |         382     31.26%     39.28% |         444     36.33%     75.61% |         298     24.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_DataAck::total         1222                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |          31      0.02%      0.02% |        1025      0.54%      0.55% |         524      0.27%      0.83% |      189412     99.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       190992                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |        2552     24.07%     24.07% |        5277     49.78%     73.85% |        2729     25.74%     99.59% |          43      0.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        10601                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Ack |        2485      1.24%      1.24% |        5920      2.95%      4.19% |        2809      1.40%      5.60% |      189157     94.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Ack::total       200371                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_DataAck |        6046     26.57%     26.57% |        5176     22.75%     49.32% |        4833     21.24%     70.57% |        6697     29.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_DataAck::total        22752                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |        1380      2.28%      2.28% |        1535      2.54%      4.82% |         503      0.83%      5.65% |       57120     94.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total        60538                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |        7013     37.04%     37.04% |        6317     33.36%     70.40% |        5541     29.26%     99.66% |          65      0.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        18936                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Ack |        2347      4.14%      4.14% |        2676      4.72%      8.86% |        1211      2.13%     10.99% |       50488     89.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Ack::total        56722                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS       14519822      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX       10245496      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE         5624      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX       24453361      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement      2686233      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean      3225377      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data       5928985      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack        5911610      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data          29200      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean        36114      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack              41868      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all          21840      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock          25824      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock     24523317      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS      3234576      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX      2694409      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS       221795      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX         1965      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE         5624      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement          353      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean        18134      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS     11037621      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX      7547832      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement      2684704      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean      3165576      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS        25824      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX         1290      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX     24453361      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement         1176      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean        41667      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack      5911610      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data          843      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data_clean          150      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all          183      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data        24361      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean        14136      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all         3170      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack          41415      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all        18134      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack            453      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all          353      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data      3234576      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data      2694409      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock         7589      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock     24515728      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data         3990      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean        21773      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock           61      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean           55      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock        25763      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.955870                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1955869645500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               54184746316501                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 103137                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   154364                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              272082368                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2099496                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  7188.52                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   741399361                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1109645607                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    191478528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total         191478528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     87911040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       87911040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0      2991852                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total            2991852                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1373610                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total           1373610                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     97899432                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             97899432                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     44947290                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            44947290                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    142846722                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           142846722                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                    2991852                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                   1373610                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                  2991852                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                 1373610                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM             191276224                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                 202304                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               87910528                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys              191478528                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            87911040                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                  3161                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                   10                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0           193409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1           187314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2           189093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3           192546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4           187753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5           183532                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6           183539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7           186398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8           186219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9           183817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10          185772                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11          184528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12          185499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13          185222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14          185807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15          188243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            92379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            86979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            86778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            88810                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            86490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            83930                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            83006                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            83905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            85232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            84105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           84522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           84385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           85665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           84653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           85920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           86843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 1955863133500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6              2991852                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6             1373610                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                2982438                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   6235                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                     18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                  2088                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                  2225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                 84964                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                 85649                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                 85651                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                 85652                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                 85647                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                 85647                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                 85653                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                 85627                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                 85618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                 85608                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                 85609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                 85600                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                 85596                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                 85595                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                 85586                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                 85580                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples      1993427                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   140.053759                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    90.503665                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   201.378828                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127      1570092     78.76%     78.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255       152643      7.66%     86.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        72029      3.61%     90.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        59249      2.97%     93.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639        40710      2.04%     95.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767        18655      0.94%     95.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895        19552      0.98%     96.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        11513      0.58%     97.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        48984      2.46%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total      1993427                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        85577                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     35.014198                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   180.518152                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        85234     99.60%     99.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-511           52      0.06%     99.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-767           24      0.03%     99.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023           29      0.03%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279           22      0.03%     99.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535           10      0.01%     99.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791           21      0.02%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047           29      0.03%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303           28      0.03%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559           12      0.01%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815           12      0.01%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071           18      0.02%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            9      0.01%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583           13      0.02%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            7      0.01%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095           11      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            6      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            2      0.00%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            2      0.00%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            2      0.00%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            7      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            3      0.00%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::5632-5887            2      0.00%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::5888-6143            7      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6399            6      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::6400-6655            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::7424-7679            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::7680-7935            4      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::7936-8191            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        85577                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        85577                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.051065                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.048196                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.315177                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16           83363     97.41%     97.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17              77      0.09%     97.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18            2120      2.48%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19              15      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20               2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        85577                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 49563023900                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat           105600980150                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat               14943455000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    16583.52                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               35333.52                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       97.80                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       44.95                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    97.90                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    44.95                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        1.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.76                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.53                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                 1827561                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 541307                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                61.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               39.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    448031.19                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   54.30                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy              7612020360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy              4153384125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy            11750107200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy            4485954960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        127992346560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        630995696010                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        622262512500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          1409252021715                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           719.148307                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1028828806750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  65310960000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 861728165500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy              7476983640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy              4079703375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy            11621898600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy            4414986000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        127992346560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        631281456675                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        622011845250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          1408879220100                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           718.958064                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1029105592500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  65310960000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 861458036750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    191098880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total         191098880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     87766848                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       87766848                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1      2985920                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            2985920                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1371357                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total           1371357                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     97705325                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             97705325                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     44873567                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            44873567                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    142578893                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           142578893                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                    2985920                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                   1371357                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                  2985920                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                 1371357                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM             190904896                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                 193984                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               87765504                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys              191098880                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            87766848                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                  3031                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                   18                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0           194012                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1           187436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2           186320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3           190152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4           186327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5           183675                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6           183845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7           186102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8           186448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9           183723                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10          185587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11          184672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12          185696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13          185087                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14          185485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15          188322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            92558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            86936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            84791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            89572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            85618                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            84046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            83137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            83943                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            84887                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            84133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           84522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           84675                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           85302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           84742                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           85699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           86775                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 1955864560000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6              2985920                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6             1371357                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                2977688                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   5184                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                     17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                  1895                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                  1997                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 84955                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 85518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 85541                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 85524                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 85525                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 85514                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 85517                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 85498                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 85498                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 85484                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 85488                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 85487                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 85482                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 85477                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 85467                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 85466                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples      1987232                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   140.230592                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    90.490280                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   201.880556                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127      1567217     78.86%     78.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255       149012      7.50%     86.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        72739      3.66%     90.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        58551      2.95%     92.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639        40717      2.05%     95.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767        18586      0.94%     95.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895        19857      1.00%     96.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        11423      0.57%     97.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        49130      2.47%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total      1987232                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        85462                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     34.993717                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   199.644640                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-511        85227     99.73%     99.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023           34      0.04%     99.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535           28      0.03%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1536-2047           21      0.02%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2559           29      0.03%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2560-3071           12      0.01%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3583           15      0.02%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::3584-4095           22      0.03%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4607           20      0.02%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            8      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            4      0.00%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            8      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655           20      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            5      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            4      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            3      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        85462                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        85462                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.046149                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.043552                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.299854                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16           83462     97.66%     97.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17              72      0.08%     97.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18            1913      2.24%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19              14      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        85462                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 49380089904                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat           105309258654                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat               14914445000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    16554.45                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               35304.45                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       97.61                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       44.87                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    97.71                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    44.87                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        1.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.76                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.36                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                 1823182                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 543814                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                61.12                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               39.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    448873.13                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   54.36                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy              7584275160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy              4138245375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy            11705382000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy            4475094480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        127992346560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        630365068530                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        622815694500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          1409076106605                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           719.058536                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1029793148750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  65310960000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 860764000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              7458008040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy              4069349625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy            11621586600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy            4411162800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        127992346560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        630874439910                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        622368877500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          1408795771035                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           718.915480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1029732051250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  65310960000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 860831772000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      3911681770                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    3595202                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                      7186350                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              7074211                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  6926                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     172089                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       525272                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     7074211                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         6926                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           14197922                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           5744889                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads               11022                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes               5424                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             3912634                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes            2365336                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      1658604                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     992081                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    666523                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              3889666743.731394                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              22015026.268606                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.005628                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.994372                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           771454                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                72883      1.01%      1.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  5419205     75.41%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    8871      0.12%     76.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    21947      0.31%     76.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                   5060      0.07%     76.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                     48      0.00%     76.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  992081     13.80%     90.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 666523      9.27%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                   7186618                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      3910254949                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   15373479                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     27798896                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             27506471                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                 26914                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     570569                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      2008519                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    27506471                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                        26914                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           55069096                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          22605438                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads               43314                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes              21015                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads            16024306                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           10852848                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      6022928                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    3739602                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   2283326                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              3841730125.188752                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              68524823.811248                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.017524                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.982476                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          2753378                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                94071      0.34%      0.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 21598480     77.69%     78.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   43172      0.16%     78.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                    20390      0.07%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                  20076      0.07%     78.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                     16      0.00%     78.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 3739602     13.45%     91.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                2283326      8.21%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  27799133                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      3917165610                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    3320757                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      6616197                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              6500522                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                 12672                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     152113                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       506667                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     6500522                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                        12672                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           13107185                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           5287106                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads               20723                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes              10041                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             3668319                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            2136617                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      1528969                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     925846                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    603123                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              3897856628.909879                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              19308981.090121                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.004929                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.995071                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           724563                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                74990      1.13%      1.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  4970676     75.13%     76.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    8219      0.12%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    24078      0.36%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                   9548      0.14%     76.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                     16      0.00%     76.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  925846     13.99%     90.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 603123      9.12%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   6616496                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      3909022625                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                  717762095                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                   1065566478                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses            465049031                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses             708842065                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     927216                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts     10918082                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                   465049031                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                    708842065                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads          974289804                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes         344684435                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads          1593843155                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes          654315145                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads           112247653                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes          201994055                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                    129656780                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                   75618699                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                  54038081                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              73194343.895863                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              3835828281.104137                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.981276                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.018724                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                         12146097                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass               323890      0.03%      0.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                432190502     40.56%     40.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   89078      0.01%     40.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                     2878      0.00%     40.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd              503319962     47.23%     87.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     87.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                     16      0.00%     87.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     87.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     87.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     87.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     87.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     87.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     87.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     87.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     87.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     87.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     87.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     87.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     87.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     87.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     87.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     87.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     87.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     87.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     87.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     87.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     87.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     87.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     87.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     87.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                75618699      7.10%     94.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite               54038081      5.07%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                1065583106                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 2554                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                2554                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                2994                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               2994                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq                60                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp               60                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           62                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           24                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1044                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1174                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         4856                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1062                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5994                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           34                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           60                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1066                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1034                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2204                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           58                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          654                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1054                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1782                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   11216                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          124                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           26                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           92                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2246                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           92                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         2428                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2124                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4686                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          533                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2068                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2761                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          116                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          327                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2108                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2583                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    12400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                83500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy               183981                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             4272000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             1244493                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             1259490                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             1233994                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             1347225                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy               41498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy              882000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             5104000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             1777000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             1419500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages            2                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes         8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs            2                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  4                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  39                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples              375769322                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.619859                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 2.139509                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |   346672408     92.26%     92.26% |       32423      0.01%     92.27% |    29053277      7.73%    100.00% |        2876      0.00%    100.00% |        8195      0.00%    100.00% |          37      0.00%    100.00% |         104      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                375769322                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   2480415987                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000684                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2480414825    100.00%    100.00% |        1162      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   2480415987                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     2480415987                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          2.154085                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.112219                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev        12.844338                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  2480112095     99.99%     99.99% |      285786      0.01%    100.00% |       16184      0.00%    100.00% |        1688      0.00%    100.00% |         218      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       2480415987                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   2377483137                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2377483137    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   2377483137                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples    102932850                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    28.810474                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    12.973848                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    56.869973                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |   102628958     99.70%     99.70% |      285786      0.28%     99.98% |       16184      0.02%    100.00% |        1688      0.00%    100.00% |         218      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total    102932850                      
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_hits      1474609                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_misses       192193                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_accesses      1666802                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_hits      4579093                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_misses       194285                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_accesses      4773378                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_hits      5473945                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_misses       554400                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_accesses      6028345                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_hits     19908226                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_misses       322519                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_accesses     20230745                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_hits      1355918                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_misses       180706                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_accesses      1536624                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_hits      4214370                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_misses       182570                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_accesses      4396940                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_hits    117766947                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_misses     48777018                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_accesses    166543965                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_hits   1047178834                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_misses      1550386                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_accesses   1048729220                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_hits        252800                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_misses       133678                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_accesses       386478                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_hits        603981                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_misses       272938                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_accesses       876919                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_hits        239531                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_misses       123745                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_accesses       363276                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_hits      25786359                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_misses     24541045                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_accesses     50327404                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits     19059346                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses      6012060                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses     25071406                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            76                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     0.013572                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Control::0       133678                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::2        50660                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::1       149949                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::1        93798                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::2        89785                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        25134                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        16626                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        30253                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Control::0      1069424                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       405280                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     10796328                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       750384                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       718280                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1809648                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      1197072                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       242024                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.031399                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Control::0       272938                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::2        52107                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::1       300389                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::1       231975                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::2       233750                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       138062                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        12520                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        63529                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Control::0      2183504                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       416856                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     21628008                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1855800                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1870000                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      9940464                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       901440                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       508232                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.011963                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Control::0       123745                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::2        43143                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::1       134657                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::1        81943                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::2        85721                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        22075                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        10676                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        30621                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Control::0       989960                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       345144                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      9695304                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       655544                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       685768                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1589400                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       768672                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       244968                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     2.771366                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Control::0     24541045                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::2        14828                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::1     24543796                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::1     24389168                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::2     24383237                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0     14379347                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          428                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      9994010                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Control::0    196328360                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       118624                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1   1767153312                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    195113344                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2    195065896                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0   1035312984                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        30816                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     79952080                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     3.422342                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Control::0     31049178                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::2       108427                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1     33782847                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::1     33934431                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::2     24792493                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0     14564618                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        40250                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     10118413                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Control::0    248393424                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       867416                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1   2432364984                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    271475448                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2    198339944                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0   1048652496                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      2898000                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     80947304                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.299568                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Control::0      2991852                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::1      4365400                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::1      4592756                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           66                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Control::0     23934816                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    314308800                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     36742048                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.298998                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::0      2985920                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1      4357213                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::1      4583201                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::0     23887360                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    313719336                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     36665608                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.000002                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          130                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         1040                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.percent_links_utilized     0.526888                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Control::0     31049178                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Request_Control::2       160738                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Data::1     33817137                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Control::1     33953636                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Control::2     24792493                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0     14564618                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        40250                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     10118543                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Control::0    248393424                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1285904                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1   2434833864                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    271629088                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2    198339944                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0   1048652496                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      2898000                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     80948344                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        93147534                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control       429903                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data    101451390                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control    176238387                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data     43814604                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     30356013                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control        745180272                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control      3439224                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   7304500080                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control   1409907096                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data   3154651488                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    242848104                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     0.016505                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        50660                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       130025                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        70363                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       405280                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      9361800                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       562904                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     0.010639                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       133678                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        19924                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        23435                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        89785                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        25134                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        16626                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        30253                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      1069424                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1434528                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       187480                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       718280                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1809648                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      1197072                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       242024                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.034499                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        52107                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       271065                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       207350                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       416856                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     19516680                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1658800                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.028299                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       272938                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        29324                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        24625                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       233750                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       138062                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        12520                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        63529                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      2183504                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2111328                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       197000                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1870000                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      9940464                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       901440                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       508232                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.015365                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        43143                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       122587                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        55685                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       345144                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      8826264                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       445480                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.008561                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       123745                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        12070                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        26258                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        85721                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        22075                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        10676                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        30621                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       989960                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       869040                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       210064                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       685768                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1589400                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       768672                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       244968                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     3.134741                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        14828                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1     24539302                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1     24377265                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       118624                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1   1766829744                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    195018120                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     2.407990                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0     24541045                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4494                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        11903                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2     24383237                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0     14379347                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          428                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      9994010                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0    196328360                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       323568                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        95224                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2    195065896                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0   1035312984                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        30816                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     79952080                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     3.215160                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0     25071406                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      6009317                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      6027415                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2     24792493                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0     14564618                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        40250                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     10118413                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0    200571248                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    432670824                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     48219320                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2    198339944                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0   1048652496                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      2898000                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     80947304                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     3.629523                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      5977772                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2       108427                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1     27773530                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1     27907016                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     47822176                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       867416                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1   1999694160                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    223256128                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.216827                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      2991852                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1373546                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1609604                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           66                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     23934816                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     98895312                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     12876832                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.382310                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2991854                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2983152                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    215413488                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     23865216                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.216446                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      2985920                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1371293                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1605954                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     23887360                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     98733096                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     12847632                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.381551                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2985920                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2977247                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    214986240                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     23817976                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000002                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000002                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          130                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         1040                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle2.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.link_utilization     0.016505                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::2        50660                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::1       130025                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::1        70363                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       405280                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      9361800                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       562904                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.link_utilization     0.034499                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::2        52107                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::1       271065                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::1       207350                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       416856                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     19516680                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1658800                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.link_utilization     0.015365                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_count.Request_Control::2        43143                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1       122587                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::1        55685                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       345144                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      8826264                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       445480                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.link_utilization     3.134741                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_count.Request_Control::2        14828                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::1     24539302                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Control::1     24377265                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       118624                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1   1766829744                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    195018120                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.link_utilization     3.215160                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Control::0     25071406                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1      6009317                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::1      6027415                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::2     24792493                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0     14564618                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        40250                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     10118413                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Control::0    200571248                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    432670824                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     48219320                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2    198339944                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0   1048652496                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      2898000                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     80947304                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.link_utilization     0.216827                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_count.Control::0      2991852                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1373546                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1609604                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           66                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_bytes.Control::0     23934816                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     98895312                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     12876832                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.link_utilization     0.216446                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_count.Control::0      2985920                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1371293                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1605954                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_bytes.Control::0     23887360                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     98733096                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     12847632                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle11.link_utilization     0.000002                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Data::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle12.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples     148320368                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         1.565420                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        3.175658                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |   119312884     80.44%     80.44% |       11944      0.01%     80.45% |    28984597     19.54%     99.99% |        2758      0.00%     99.99% |        8044      0.01%    100.00% |          35      0.00%    100.00% |         104      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total       148320368                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples     225992739                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.003276                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.151896                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |   225903309     99.96%     99.96% |       20479      0.01%     99.97% |       68680      0.03%    100.00% |         118      0.00%    100.00% |         151      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total       225992739                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples       1456215                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.000029                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.007595                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |     1456194    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total         1456215                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    180647612                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       9.240089                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      2.206712                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     31.765386                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   180506948     99.92%     99.92% |      131118      0.07%     99.99% |        8326      0.00%    100.00% |        1010      0.00%    100.00% |         194      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     180647612                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    125395977                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   125395977    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    125395977                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     55251635                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    27.941328                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    13.301221                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    52.870245                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |    55110971     99.75%     99.75% |      131118      0.24%     99.98% |        8326      0.02%    100.00% |        1010      0.00%    100.00% |         194      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     55251635                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples    112112335                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean      11.938462                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      2.071372                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     42.273300                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |   111800333     99.72%     99.72% |      150272      0.13%     99.86% |      135902      0.12%     99.98% |       17306      0.02%     99.99% |        6050      0.01%    100.00% |        1772      0.00%    100.00% |         538      0.00%    100.00% |         138      0.00%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total     112112335                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     86030990                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    86030990    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     86030990                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     26081345                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    48.019679                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    22.880007                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    77.363713                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |    25769343     98.80%     98.80% |      150272      0.58%     99.38% |      135902      0.52%     99.90% |       17306      0.07%     99.97% |        6050      0.02%     99.99% |        1772      0.01%    100.00% |         538      0.00%    100.00% |         138      0.00%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     26081345                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   2135107633                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.023717                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.004173                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.132743                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  2135104245    100.00%    100.00% |        2228      0.00%    100.00% |        1070      0.00%    100.00% |          61      0.00%    100.00% |          27      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   2135107633                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   2130972275                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2130972275    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   2130972275                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      4135358                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    13.244963                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     8.583327                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    22.645664                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |     4131970     99.92%     99.92% |        2228      0.05%     99.97% |        1070      0.03%    100.00% |          61      0.00%    100.00% |          27      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      4135358                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples     51442833                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.853300                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.792790                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     4.769356                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |    51442027    100.00%    100.00% |         526      0.00%    100.00% |         256      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total     51442833                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     34093417                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    34093417    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     34093417                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     17349416                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean     6.495228                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     5.646001                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     6.887183                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |    17348610    100.00%    100.00% |         526      0.00%    100.00% |         256      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     17349416                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       552787                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     4.158680                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.613083                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    14.313534                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      551102     99.70%     99.70% |        1508      0.27%     99.97% |          49      0.01%     99.98% |          70      0.01%     99.99% |          42      0.01%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       552787                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       437691                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      437691    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       437691                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       115096                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    16.170614                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     9.938958                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    28.315513                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      113411     98.54%     98.54% |        1508      1.31%     99.85% |          49      0.04%     99.89% |          70      0.06%     99.95% |          42      0.04%     99.99% |          10      0.01%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       115096                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       552787                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      552787    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       552787                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       552787                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      552787    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       552787                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |     2991852     50.05%     50.05% |     2985920     49.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      5977772                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |     1373546     50.04%     50.04% |     1371293     49.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total      2744839                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |     2991852     50.05%     50.05% |     2985920     49.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      5977772                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |     1373610     50.04%     50.04% |     1371357     49.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      2744967                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |          64     50.00%     50.00% |          64     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |     1609604     50.06%     50.06% |     1605954     49.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total      3215558                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |     2991852     50.05%     50.05% |     2985920     49.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      5977772                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |          64     50.00%     50.00% |          64     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |          64     50.00%     50.00% |          64     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |     1373544     50.04%     50.04% |     1371293     49.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total      2744837                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |     1609604     50.06%     50.06% |     1605954     49.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total      3215558                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |     2991852     50.05%     50.05% |     2985920     49.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      5977772                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |     1373544     50.04%     50.04% |     1371293     49.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total      2744837                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total            2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total          128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total              2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total             128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total            2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total          128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total          128                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load      |      934841      1.02%      1.02% |     3394292      3.69%      4.70% |      881937      0.96%      5.66% |    86842901     94.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load::total     92053971                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     4773378      0.44%      0.44% |    20230745      1.88%      2.32% |     4396940      0.41%      2.73% |  1048729220     97.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total   1078130283                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Store     |      731961      0.87%      0.87% |     2634053      3.15%      4.02% |      654687      0.78%      4.80% |    79701064     95.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Store::total     83721765                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inv       |       65052     10.68%     10.68% |       67905     11.15%     21.83% |       65165     10.70%     32.53% |      410932     67.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inv::total       609054                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.L0_Replacement |      361885      0.70%      0.70% |      846560      1.64%      2.34% |      340621      0.66%      3.00% |    50025926     97.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.L0_Replacement::total     51574992                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data      |      185199     12.67%     12.67% |      289960     19.84%     32.51% |      191393     13.09%     45.60% |      795092     54.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data::total      1461644                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      201279      0.40%      0.40% |      586959      1.16%      1.56% |      171883      0.34%      1.90% |    49532312     98.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total     50492433                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Load    |      138182      0.50%      0.50% |      385816      1.39%      1.88% |      132299      0.48%      2.36% |    27180604     97.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Load::total     27836901                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |      194285      8.64%      8.64% |      322519     14.34%     22.97% |      182570      8.12%     31.09% |     1550386     68.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total      2249760                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Store   |       51011      0.23%      0.23% |      167063      0.76%      1.00% |       47438      0.22%      1.21% |    21594931     98.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Store::total     21860443                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Inv     |       43467     18.34%     18.34% |       39053     16.48%     34.82% |       43511     18.36%     53.18% |      110944     46.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Inv::total       236975                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       80119     14.73%     14.73% |      234776     43.17%     57.90% |       96538     17.75%     75.65% |      132428     24.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       543861                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     3588493      9.81%      9.81% |    10137885     27.70%     37.51% |     3362488      9.19%     46.70% |    19506474     53.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     36595340                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        3000     43.02%     43.02% |        1521     21.81%     64.84% |         969     13.90%     78.73% |        1483     21.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Store::total         6973                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        8897     10.69%     10.69% |       11494     13.81%     24.50% |       10358     12.44%     36.94% |       52496     63.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total        83245                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.L0_Replacement |      173304     12.64%     12.64% |      276914     20.19%     32.83% |      180073     13.13%     45.96% |      741098     54.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.L0_Replacement::total      1371389                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Load    |      252350      0.46%      0.46% |      716782      1.31%      1.76% |      234516      0.43%      2.19% |    53713102     97.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Load::total     54916750                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Ifetch  |      990600      0.10%      0.10% |     9770341      0.94%      1.04% |      851882      0.08%      1.12% |  1027672360     98.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Ifetch::total   1039285183                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       29625      0.34%      0.34% |      160234      1.86%      2.20% |       25625      0.30%      2.50% |     8419053     97.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Store::total      8634537                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        5865      2.24%      2.24% |       10887      4.16%      6.40% |        5027      1.92%      8.32% |      240002     91.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total       261781                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.L0_Replacement |      111773      0.57%      0.57% |      247308      1.25%      1.82% |       92787      0.47%      2.29% |    19276843     97.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.L0_Replacement::total     19728711                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Load    |      464190      5.30%      5.30% |     2056918     23.49%     28.79% |      418584      4.78%     33.57% |     5816767     66.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      8756459                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Store   |      648325      1.22%      1.22% |     2305235      4.33%      5.55% |      580655      1.09%      6.64% |    49685597     93.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     53219812                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |        6823     25.22%     25.22% |        6471     23.92%     49.14% |        6269     23.17%     72.31% |        7490     27.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total        27053                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.L0_Replacement |       76808      0.25%      0.25% |      322338      1.06%      1.31% |       67761      0.22%      1.53% |    30007985     98.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.L0_Replacement::total     30474892                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data |      150539     12.41%     12.41% |      231709     19.09%     31.50% |      151729     12.50%     44.00% |      679497     56.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data::total      1213474                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data_Exclusive |       43746      4.22%      4.22% |       90810      8.76%     12.98% |       30841      2.98%     15.96% |      870889     84.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data_Exclusive::total      1036286                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |       34660     13.97%     13.97% |       58251     23.47%     37.44% |       39664     15.98%     53.42% |      115595     46.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total       248170                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      103522      0.38%      0.38% |      327565      1.19%      1.56% |       92635      0.34%      1.90% |    27065009     98.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total     27588731                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Exclusive |       51011      0.23%      0.23% |      167063      0.76%      1.00% |       47438      0.22%      1.21% |    21594931     98.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Exclusive::total     21860443                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Data_Exclusive |        3000     43.02%     43.02% |        1521     21.81%     64.84% |         969     13.90%     78.73% |        1483     21.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Data_Exclusive::total         6973                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |      332467      1.11%      1.11% |      708335      2.35%      3.46% |      314869      1.05%      4.51% |    28730990     95.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     30086661                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |       54011      0.25%      0.25% |      168584      0.77%      1.02% |       48407      0.22%      1.24% |    21596414     98.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     21867416                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WriteBack |      188581      0.38%      0.38% |      569646      1.13%      1.51% |      160548      0.32%      1.83% |    49284828     98.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WriteBack::total     50203603                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_DataAck |        6823     25.22%     25.22% |        6471     23.92%     49.14% |        6269     23.17%     72.31% |        7490     27.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_DataAck::total        27053                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       40061     31.68%     31.68% |       37145     29.37%     61.05% |       36934     29.20%     90.25% |       12331      9.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total       126471                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Own |       77136      7.36%      7.36% |       76938      7.34%     14.71% |       73152      6.98%     21.69% |      820388     78.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Own::total      1047614                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Else |       52968     31.07%     31.07% |       58872     34.53%     65.60% |       57178     33.54%     99.13% |        1476      0.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Else::total       170494                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |       92257      0.37%      0.37% |      235868      0.95%      1.31% |       87770      0.35%      1.67% |    24537395     98.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total     24953290                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |        1274     46.80%     46.80% |         600     22.04%     68.85% |         348     12.78%     81.63% |         500     18.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         2722                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        9325     29.56%     29.56% |       14362     45.53%     75.09% |        5861     18.58%     93.67% |        1998      6.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        31546                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |        1368     56.88%     56.88% |         625     25.99%     82.87% |         113      4.70%     87.57% |         299     12.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total         2405                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |       57804      0.40%      0.40% |      160265      1.11%      1.51% |       49651      0.34%      1.86% |    14162290     98.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total     14430010                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |        5793     18.36%     18.36% |        4363     13.83%     32.20% |       14196     45.00%     77.20% |        7193     22.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        31545                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |       65060      0.61%      0.61% |      105812      1.00%      1.61% |       58627      0.55%      2.17% |    10369520     97.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total     10599019                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Ack    |       58229     10.00%     10.00% |       61434     10.56%     20.56% |       58896     10.12%     30.68% |      403442     69.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Ack::total       582001                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |        9955     59.26%     59.26% |        3261     19.41%     78.67% |        1718     10.23%     88.89% |        1866     11.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total        16800                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        5021     46.35%     46.35% |        2498     23.06%     69.41% |        1271     11.73%     81.15% |        2042     18.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        10832                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |       55387      0.22%      0.22% |      201591      0.82%      1.04% |       52696      0.21%      1.25% |    24373357     98.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total     24683031                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |      107490      0.73%      0.73% |      203816      1.38%      2.11% |      101871      0.69%      2.80% |    14327291     97.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total     14740468                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |       22535      0.22%      0.22% |       67246      0.65%      0.87% |       20715      0.20%      1.07% |    10212011     98.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total     10322507                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Inv     |        3516     18.01%     18.01% |        2421     12.40%     30.41% |        2746     14.06%     44.47% |       10843     55.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Inv::total        19526                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      129884     11.46%     11.46% |      237372     20.94%     32.40% |      136439     12.04%     44.44% |      629836     55.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total      1133531                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        3076     40.33%     40.33% |        1770     23.21%     63.54% |        1101     14.44%     77.97% |        1680     22.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total         7627                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Own |       35728     13.43%     13.43% |       33216     12.49%     25.92% |       33962     12.77%     38.68% |      163124     61.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       266030                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Else |       16636     30.70%     30.70% |       17331     31.98%     62.68% |       19907     36.74%     99.42% |         315      0.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        54189                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load   |        5629     31.88%     31.88% |        9037     51.19%     83.07% |        2734     15.49%     98.56% |         255      1.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load::total        17655                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store  |         577     71.77%     71.77% |         106     13.18%     84.95% |          58      7.21%     92.16% |          63      7.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store::total          804                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Inv    |       18700     29.53%     29.53% |       21427     33.84%     63.37% |       22146     34.97%     98.34% |        1051      1.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Inv::total        63324                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.L1_Replacement |       36870     13.64%     13.64% |       34277     12.68%     26.33% |       35074     12.98%     39.30% |      164038     60.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.L1_Replacement::total       270259                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.WriteBack |       54690      0.38%      0.38% |      152381      1.07%      1.46% |       45882      0.32%      1.78% |    13972624     98.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.WriteBack::total     14225577                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Own |         450      0.23%      0.23% |        2532      1.31%      1.54% |         943      0.49%      2.03% |      189537     97.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       193462                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Else |        2655     24.21%     24.21% |        5380     49.05%     73.26% |        2805     25.57%     98.83% |         128      1.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        10968                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Inv    |        1219     36.20%     36.20% |         774     22.99%     59.19% |        1365     40.54%     99.73% |           9      0.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Inv::total         3367                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.L1_Replacement |         409      0.21%      0.21% |        2470      1.28%      1.49% |         860      0.45%      1.94% |      189233     98.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.L1_Replacement::total       192972                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETX |           7     43.75%     43.75% |           3     18.75%     62.50% |           4     25.00%     87.50% |           2     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETX::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETS |        1321     19.94%     19.94% |        4226     63.80%     83.74% |         990     14.95%     98.69% |          87      1.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETS::total         6624                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.WriteBack |      133891      0.37%      0.37% |      417265      1.16%      1.53% |      114666      0.32%      1.85% |    35312203     98.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.WriteBack::total     35978025                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Own |        2390      3.72%      3.72% |        2721      4.23%      7.95% |        1671      2.60%     10.54% |       57533     89.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Own::total        64315                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Else |        7193     35.80%     35.80% |        6725     33.47%     69.28% |        5877     29.25%     98.53% |         295      1.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        20090                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |       89464      0.63%      0.63% |      258110      1.82%      2.45% |       73825      0.52%      2.97% |    13773608     97.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total     14195007                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |       27823      0.24%      0.24% |       99462      0.86%      1.10% |       26533      0.23%      1.33% |    11382660     98.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total     11536478                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Inv    |       16626     41.31%     41.31% |       12520     31.11%     72.41% |       10676     26.52%     98.94% |         428      1.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Inv::total        40250                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement |       54978      0.22%      0.22% |      199121      0.81%      1.04% |       51836      0.21%      1.25% |    24184124     98.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement::total     24490059                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX |        1267     46.82%     46.82% |         597     22.06%     68.88% |         344     12.71%     81.60% |         498     18.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX::total         2706                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS |        8004     32.12%     32.12% |       10136     40.67%     72.79% |        4871     19.55%     92.34% |        1910      7.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS::total        24921                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |       57804      0.40%      0.40% |      160265      1.11%      1.51% |       49651      0.34%      1.86% |    14162290     98.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total     14430010                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |        5793     18.36%     18.36% |        4363     13.83%     32.20% |       14196     45.00%     77.20% |        7193     22.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        31545                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |       43893     15.74%     15.74% |       39188     14.05%     29.79% |       38024     13.63%     43.42% |      157808     56.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       278913                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |        1368     56.88%     56.88% |         625     25.99%     82.87% |         113      4.70%     87.57% |         299     12.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total         2405                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |       21167      0.21%      0.21% |       66624      0.65%      0.85% |       20603      0.20%      1.05% |    10211712     98.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total     10320106                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     75.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        9955     59.26%     59.26% |        3261     19.41%     78.67% |        1718     10.23%     88.89% |        1866     11.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total        16800                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |        5021     46.35%     46.35% |        2498     23.06%     69.41% |        1271     11.73%     81.15% |        2042     18.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total        10832                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |       55387      0.22%      0.22% |      201591      0.82%      1.04% |       52696      0.21%      1.25% |    24373357     98.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total     24683031                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |       35728     13.43%     13.43% |       33216     12.49%     25.92% |       33962     12.77%     38.68% |      163124     61.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       266030                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |       16636     30.70%     30.70% |       17331     31.98%     62.68% |       19907     36.74%     99.42% |         315      0.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        54189                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Ack |       52364     16.35%     16.35% |       50547     15.79%     32.14% |       53869     16.82%     48.96% |      163439     51.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Ack::total       320219                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.WriteBack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.WriteBack::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_DataAck |         149     10.28%     10.28% |         439     30.28%     40.55% |         529     36.48%     77.03% |         333     22.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_DataAck::total         1450                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |         450      0.23%      0.23% |        2532      1.31%      1.54% |         943      0.49%      2.03% |      189537     97.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       193462                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |        2655     24.21%     24.21% |        5380     49.05%     73.26% |        2805     25.57%     98.83% |         128      1.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        10968                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Ack |        2956      1.46%      1.46% |        7473      3.68%      5.14% |        3219      1.59%      6.72% |      189331     93.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Ack::total       202979                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_DataAck |        6674     26.07%     26.07% |        6032     23.56%     49.63% |        5740     22.42%     72.05% |        7157     27.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_DataAck::total        25603                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |        2390      3.72%      3.72% |        2721      4.23%      7.95% |        1671      2.60%     10.54% |       57533     89.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total        64315                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |        7193     35.80%     35.80% |        6725     33.47%     69.28% |        5877     29.25%     98.53% |         295      1.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        20090                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Ack |        2909      4.95%      4.95% |        3414      5.81%     10.75% |        1808      3.07%     13.83% |       50671     86.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Ack::total        58802                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_IL0.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_IL0.Fwd_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_IL0.L0_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_IL0.L0_Ack::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS       14740592      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX       10322513      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE         8431      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX       24683031      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement      2720275      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean      3240120      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data       5977772      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack        5960397      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data          31873      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean        39922      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack              43938      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all          23078      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock          31545      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock     24760948      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv              4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS      3265387      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX      2712385      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS       278871      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX         2405      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE         8427      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement          590      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean        19121      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS     11164644      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX      7604999      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement      2718197      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean      3178872      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS        31545      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX         2722      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX     24683031      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement         1488      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean        42127      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack      5960397      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data         1082      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data_clean          224      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all          184      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data        24562      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean        14382      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all         3183      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack          43234      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all        19121      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack            704      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all          590      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS           21      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data      3265366      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data           21      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data      2712385      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS           93      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETX            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_UPGRADE            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock        10832      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS           28      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock     24750116      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data         6223      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean        25252      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock           70      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean           64      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock        31475      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
