
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.888503                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2888502585000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               55118498797001                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 114448                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   170833                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              454275042                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2464480                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  6358.49                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   727714458                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1086241059                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    384246976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total         384246976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0    384250048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total      384250048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0      6003859                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total            6003859                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0      6003907                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total           6003907                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    133026357                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            133026357                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    133027421                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           133027421                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    266053777                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           266053777                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                    6003859                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                   6003907                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                  6003859                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                 6003907                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM             369104704                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ               15142272                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten              383121984                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys              384246976                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys           384250048                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                236598                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                17624                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0           629000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1           342202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2           265507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3           205716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4           249346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5           256794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6           481914                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7           654987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8           291392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9           258831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10          297277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11          204587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12          263669                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13          267849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14          238134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15          860056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0           655749                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1           363839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2           271613                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3           207465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4           254837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5           263791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6           499399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7           672684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8           305426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9           262849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10          302563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11          206861                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12          283961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13          279083                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14          241138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15          915023                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 2888502636000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6              6003859                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6             6003907                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                5760972                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   6289                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                 16957                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                 17479                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                368562                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                372223                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                372352                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                372310                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                372248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                372620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                372809                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                372440                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                372358                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                372154                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                371971                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                371953                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                371948                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                371943                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                371936                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                371936                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                    80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples      7485176                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   100.495533                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    81.183131                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   109.982868                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127      5899442     78.82%     78.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255      1092772     14.60%     93.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383       257160      3.44%     96.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        99279      1.33%     98.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639        45598      0.61%     98.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767        25338      0.34%     99.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895        18721      0.25%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        26355      0.35%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        20511      0.27%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total      7485176                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples       371936                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     15.506052                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    15.423459                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     1.663076                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2-3             13      0.00%      0.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4-5            529      0.14%      0.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::6-7            913      0.25%      0.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8-9            971      0.26%      0.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::10-11         2644      0.71%      1.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::12-13        10415      2.80%      4.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::14-15       125214     33.67%     37.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16-17       228462     61.43%     99.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::18-19         1115      0.30%     99.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::20-21          245      0.07%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::22-23          132      0.04%     99.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::24-25          117      0.03%     99.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::26-27          187      0.05%     99.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::28-29          162      0.04%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::30-31          177      0.05%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::32-33          180      0.05%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::34-35           98      0.03%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::36-37           69      0.02%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::38-39           20      0.01%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::40-41           30      0.01%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::42-43           18      0.00%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::44-45           29      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::46-47           39      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::48-49           78      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::50-51           68      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::52-53            6      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::56-57            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::58-59            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::60-61            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::62-63            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total       371936                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples       371936                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.094922                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.089574                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.430697                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16          354476     95.31%     95.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17             259      0.07%     95.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18           16586      4.46%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19             588      0.16%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20              25      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21               2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total       371936                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                133973803461                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat           242109947211                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat               28836305000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    23230.06                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               41980.06                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      127.78                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      132.64                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   133.03                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   133.03                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   1.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.67                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                 1420938                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                2847429                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                24.64                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               47.57                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    240552.88                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   36.32                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy             29821100400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy             16271433750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy            24099535200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy           20694709440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        188980387440                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        1305515934810                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        590828367750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          2176211468790                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           752.139116                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 974331258001                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  96453500000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 1817717956499                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy             26847223200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy             14648782500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy            20962492200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy           18161852400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        188980387440                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        1294967754495                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        600081157500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          2164649649735                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           748.143136                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 989922348751                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  96453500000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 1802129829249                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    377370624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total         377370624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1    377374208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total      377374208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1      5896416                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            5896416                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1      5896472                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total           5896472                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    130645763                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            130645763                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    130647004                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           130647004                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    261292767                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           261292767                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                    5896416                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                   5896472                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                  5896416                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                 5896472                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM             363379584                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ               13991040                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten              376479680                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys              377370624                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys           377374208                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                218610                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                13980                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0           624009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1           337244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2           256407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3           201007                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4           251123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5           261573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6           473191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7           651100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8           263480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9           251305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10          295716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11          203013                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12          261445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13          259611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14          242965                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15          844617                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0           650376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1           358275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2           261980                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3           202623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4           256936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5           270183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6           488806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7           668965                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8           268963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9           254652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10          301119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11          205373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12          282204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13          266286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14          246538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15          899216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 2888503293500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6              5896416                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6             5896472                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                5672869                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   4937                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                 16754                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                 17166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                363203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                365717                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                365877                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                365813                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                365745                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                365848                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                366125                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                365822                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                365738                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                365641                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                365511                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                365497                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                365498                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                365492                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                365491                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                365491                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                    60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples      7365836                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   100.444710                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    80.987751                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   111.001312                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127      5832766     79.19%     79.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255      1046336     14.21%     93.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383       251387      3.41%     96.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        98934      1.34%     98.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639        45119      0.61%     98.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767        24943      0.34%     99.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895        18413      0.25%     99.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        25392      0.34%     99.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        22546      0.31%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total      7365836                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples       365491                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     15.534744                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    15.458951                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     1.552705                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-1              1      0.00%      0.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2-3             11      0.00%      0.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4-5            348      0.10%      0.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::6-7           1121      0.31%      0.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8-9            967      0.26%      0.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::10-11         2136      0.58%      1.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::12-13         8500      2.33%      3.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::14-15       120177     32.88%     36.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16-17       229443     62.78%     99.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::18-19         1011      0.28%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::20-21          285      0.08%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::22-23          196      0.05%     99.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::24-25          171      0.05%     99.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::26-27          305      0.08%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::28-29          196      0.05%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::30-31          180      0.05%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::32-33           96      0.03%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::34-35           61      0.02%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::36-37           40      0.01%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::38-39           32      0.01%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::40-41           41      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::42-43           25      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::44-45           69      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::46-47           58      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::48-49           13      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::50-51            3      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::52-53            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::54-55            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::60-61            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::62-63            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total       365491                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples       365491                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.094774                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.089467                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.428863                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16          348289     95.29%     95.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17             241      0.07%     95.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18           16503      4.52%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19             442      0.12%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20              14      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21               2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total       365491                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                131963709480                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat           238422571980                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat               28389030000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    23242.03                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               41992.03                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      125.80                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      130.34                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   130.65                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   130.65                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.98                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   1.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.75                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                 1394263                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                2800201                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                24.56                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               47.60                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    244936.04                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   36.28                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy             29505372120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy             16099161375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy            23867212200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy           20492358480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        188980387440                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        1304267272290                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        591923685750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          2175135449655                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           751.767224                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 976207643250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  96453500000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 1815841517000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy             26257777560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy             14327160375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy            20495919600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy           17690050080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        188980387440                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        1289011325175                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        605306095500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          2162068715730                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           747.251118                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 998722068251                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  96453500000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 1793328623249                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    378626560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total         378626560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2    378629696                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total      378629696                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2      5916040                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total            5916040                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2      5916089                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total           5916089                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    131080568                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            131080568                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    131081654                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           131081654                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    262162222                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           262162222                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                    5916040                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                   5916089                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                  5916040                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                 5916089                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM             364144256                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ               14482304                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten              377599936                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys              378626560                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys           378629696                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                226286                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                16095                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0           624247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1           343387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2           261104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3           198461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4           249527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5           258700                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6           474545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7           654835                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8           267804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9           250689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10          292828                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11          207274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12          265836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13          253150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14          238453                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15          848914                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0           650234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1           363824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2           266177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3           199914                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4           255681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5           266823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6           491566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7           675649                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8           277289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9           253893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10          298047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11          209865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12          287491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13          258982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14          241708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15          902856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 2888502622500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6              5916040                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6             5916089                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                5683105                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   6649                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                 16500                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                 17015                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                363357                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                366871                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                367025                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                366947                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                366929                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                367228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                367439                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                367069                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                367028                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                366825                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                366636                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                366619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                366620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                366600                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                366599                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                366598                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                    85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples      7392533                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   100.336964                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean    80.964227                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   110.327558                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127      5857091     79.23%     79.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255      1045875     14.15%     93.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383       252889      3.42%     96.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511       100106      1.35%     98.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639        46095      0.62%     98.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767        25402      0.34%     99.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895        18735      0.25%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        26274      0.36%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        20066      0.27%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total      7392533                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples       366598                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     15.520431                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    15.440534                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     1.564712                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2-3            164      0.04%      0.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::4-5            396      0.11%      0.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::6-7            588      0.16%      0.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::8-9           1249      0.34%      0.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::10-11         2518      0.69%      1.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::12-13         9392      2.56%      3.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::14-15       122179     33.33%     37.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::16-17       226698     61.84%     99.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::18-19          980      0.27%     99.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::20-21          705      0.19%     99.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::22-23          526      0.14%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::24-25          176      0.05%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::26-27          208      0.06%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::28-29          213      0.06%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::30-31          152      0.04%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::32-33          100      0.03%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::34-35           91      0.02%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::36-37           52      0.01%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::38-39           28      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::40-41           38      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::42-43           28      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::44-45           62      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::46-47           34      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::48-49           15      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::50-51            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::56-57            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::58-59            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::60-61            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total       366598                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples       366598                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.093920                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.088633                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.428186                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16          349546     95.35%     95.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::17             287      0.08%     95.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18           16165      4.41%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::19             587      0.16%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::20              12      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::21               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total       366598                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                132495154439                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat           239178041939                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat               28448770000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    23286.62                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               42036.62                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      126.07                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      130.73                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   131.08                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   131.08                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.98                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   1.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     25.78                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                 1388275                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                2808945                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                24.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               47.61                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    244123.66                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   36.21                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy             29616844320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy             16159984500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy            23937739800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy           20567578320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy        188980387440                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy        1307994293385                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy        588654369000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          2175911196765                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           752.035336                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 970695722002                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF  96453500000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 1821354821498                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy             26345791080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy             14375183625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy            20517104400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy           17726370480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy        188980387440                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy        1292554625580                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy        602197937250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          2162697399855                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           747.468403                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 993443348756                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF  96453500000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 1798609827994                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    379100864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total         379100864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3    379103808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total      379103808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3      5923451                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total            5923451                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3      5923497                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total           5923497                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    131244772                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            131244772                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    131245791                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           131245791                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    262490564                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           262490564                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                    5923451                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                   5923497                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                  5923451                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                 5923497                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM             365010368                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ               14090496                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten              378118144                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys              379100864                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys           379103808                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                220164                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                15404                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0           622299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1           336154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2           263284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3           200248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4           248368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5           258723                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6           482921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7           652293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8           270245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9           253270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10          295273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11          202405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12          264129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13          258070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14          238941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15          856664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0           648734                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1           359339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2           267262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3           201979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4           253869                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5           263857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6           501178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7           670720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8           274958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9           257998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10          300195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11          204750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12          287165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13          264134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14          242265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15          909693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 2888502636000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6              5923451                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6             5923497                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                5695963                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   7324                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                 15285                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                 15689                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                363257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                367555                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                367843                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                367638                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                367587                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                368138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                368177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                367807                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                367829                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                367517                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                367312                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                367291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                367278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                367271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                367269                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                367269                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                    79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples      7403729                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   100.372244                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean    80.978758                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   110.534819                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127      5863986     79.20%     79.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255      1049661     14.18%     93.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383       254517      3.44%     96.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511        99148      1.34%     98.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639        45115      0.61%     98.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767        25014      0.34%     99.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895        19465      0.26%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        26387      0.36%     99.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        20436      0.28%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total      7403729                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples       367269                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     15.528915                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    15.439025                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     1.643726                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            332      0.09%      0.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::4-7           1120      0.30%      0.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::8-11          2862      0.78%      1.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::12-15       131315     35.75%     36.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::16-19       229945     62.61%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          509      0.14%     99.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::24-27          302      0.08%     99.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::28-31          256      0.07%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::32-35          210      0.06%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::36-39          163      0.04%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           64      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::44-47           80      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::48-51          107      0.03%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::52-55            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::60-63            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::64-67            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total       367269                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples       367269                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.086563                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.081671                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.411922                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16          351540     95.72%     95.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::17             229      0.06%     95.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18           14948      4.07%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::19             543      0.15%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::20               7      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::21               2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total       367269                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                133072032919                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat           240008664169                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat               28516435000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    23332.52                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               42082.52                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      126.37                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      130.90                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   131.24                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   131.25                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.99                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   1.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     25.67                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                 1384236                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                2823421                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                24.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               47.79                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    243818.29                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   36.24                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy             29574886320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy             16137090750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy            23931538800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy           20546466480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy        188980387440                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy        1303636728600                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy        592476816750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          2175283915140                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           751.818526                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 977000766500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF  96453500000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 1815048874500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy             26470319400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy             14443130625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy            20627341800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy           17798421600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy        188980387440                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy        1291246355880                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy        603345542250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          2162911498995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           747.542399                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 995393312000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF  96453500000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 1796660455500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      5778910234                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    2294900                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                      5013260                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              4904511                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     148328                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       330642                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     4904511                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads            9966731                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           4065895                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             2767938                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes            1497553                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      1181642                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     729362                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    452280                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              5759325363.690796                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              19584870.309204                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.003389                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.996611                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           524145                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                87885      1.75%      1.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  3704805     73.90%     75.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    9426      0.19%     75.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    29505      0.59%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  729362     14.55%     90.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 452280      9.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                   5013263                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      5773769534                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    4557399                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                      9232482                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses              9061827                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1893                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     243865                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       753676                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                     9061827                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                         1893                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           18091904                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           7396412                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                3183                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes               1511                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads             5693031                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes            3068157                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      2111424                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    1360907                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                    750517                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              5730905019.391468                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              42864514.608532                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.007424                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.992576                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          1047471                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                82057      0.89%      0.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  6998497     75.80%     76.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   11785      0.13%     76.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                    27376      0.30%     77.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                   1434      0.02%     77.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 1360907     14.74%     91.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                 750517      8.13%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                   9232573                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      5775806960                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    2075639                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      4478368                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              4378231                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                    39                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     122486                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       316147                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     4378231                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                           39                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads            8906179                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           3634688                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                  63                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                 31                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             2534820                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            1324468                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      1066076                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     661691                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    404385                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              5757417280.998919                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              18389679.001080                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.003184                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.996816                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           478932                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                85877      1.92%      1.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  3287015     73.40%     75.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    8797      0.20%     75.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    30596      0.68%     76.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                     30      0.00%     76.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  661691     14.78%     90.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 404385      9.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   4478391                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      5780215977                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                  717443074                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                   1065043125                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses            464545747                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses             708837843                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     920059                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts     10868063                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                   464545747                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                    708837843                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads          973209731                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes         344308110                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads          1593836311                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes          654311799                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads           111934701                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes          201813036                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                    129519660                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                   75549376                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                  53970284                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              17827196.688161                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              5762388780.311839                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.996916                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.003084                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                         12084086                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass               318550      0.03%      0.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                431811618     40.54%     40.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   90597      0.01%     40.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                     2427      0.00%     40.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd              503316796     47.26%     87.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     87.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     87.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     87.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     87.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     87.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     87.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     87.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     87.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     87.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     87.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     87.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     87.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     87.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     87.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     87.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     87.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     87.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     87.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     87.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     87.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     87.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     87.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     87.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     87.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     87.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                75549376      7.09%     94.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite               53970284      5.07%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                1065059648                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                   85                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                  85                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                2957                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               2957                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq                14                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp               14                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1458                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1488                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          162                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1470                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1652                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1458                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1476                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1470                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1484                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    6112                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           24                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           11                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2916                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2943                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           81                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2940                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3061                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2916                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2940                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    11948                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                36996                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy              120500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             1520000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             1779498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             1795500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             1911986                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy                9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1118500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             1258500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             1107500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             1114500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  2                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  19                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               48465600                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.001105                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 0.094813                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    48457758     99.98%     99.98% |         767      0.00%     99.99% |         771      0.00%     99.99% |        2517      0.01%     99.99% |        3318      0.01%    100.00% |          51      0.00%    100.00% |          46      0.00%    100.00% |          36      0.00%    100.00% |         151      0.00%    100.00% |         185      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 48465600                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   1230875358                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000431                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1230875129    100.00%    100.00% |         229      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   1230875358                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     1230875358                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          3.744096                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.100282                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev        21.965901                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  1229219288     99.87%     99.87% |     1420917      0.12%     99.98% |      223145      0.02%    100.00% |       11429      0.00%    100.00% |         578      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       1230875358                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   1206642658                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1206642658    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   1206642658                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     24232700                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   140.383546                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   128.279139                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    73.911081                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |    22576630     93.17%     93.17% |     1420917      5.86%     99.03% |      223145      0.92%     99.95% |       11429      0.05%    100.00% |         578      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     24232700                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.incomplete_times_seqr       492934                      
system.ruby.Directory.incomplete_times_seqr     23739766                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_hits      4039017                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_misses       193560                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_accesses      4232577                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_hits      7842026                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_misses       250101                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_accesses      8092127                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles             2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_hits      3634183                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_misses       190368                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_accesses      3824551                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_hits   1191127432                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_misses     23598671                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_accesses   1214726103                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     0.016755                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Control::2       193560                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Data::2        30425                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::4       356748                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       193613                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Control::2      1548480                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Data::2      2190600                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     25685856                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1548904                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized     0.021671                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Control::2       250101                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Data::2        90489                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Data::4       410291                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       250679                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Control::2      2000808                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Data::2      6515208                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     29540952                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2005432                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized     0.016476                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Control::2       190368                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Data::2        26315                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Data::4       354411                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       190358                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Control::2      1522944                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Data::2      1894680                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     25517592                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1522864                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized     2.042448                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Control::2     23598671                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Data::2     23592737                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Data::4     23604184                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3     23598250                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Control::2    188789368                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Data::2   1698677064                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4   1699501248                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3    188786000                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     0.520679                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Control::2      6124365                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Data::2      6003907                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::4      6003859                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      6124413                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Control::2     48994920                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Data::2    432281304                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    432277848                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     48995304                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.511434                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Control::2      6023150                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Data::2      5896472                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::4      5896416                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      6023206                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Control::2     48185200                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Data::2    424545984                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    424541952                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     48185648                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.513009                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Control::2      6028505                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Data::2      5916090                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::4      5916040                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      6028555                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Control::2     48228040                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Data::2    425958480                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    425954880                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     48228440                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.513830                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Control::2      6056680                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Data::2      5923497                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::4      5923451                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      6056726                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Control::2     48453440                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Data::2    426491784                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    426488472                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     48453808                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.415630                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::2     24232700                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Data::2     23739966                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::4     24232700                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3     24232900                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::2    193861600                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Data::2   1709277552                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4   1744754400                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3    193863200                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        72698100                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Data           71219898                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     72698100                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     72698700                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control        581584800                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Data          5127832656                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   5234263200                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    581589600                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     0.016753                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       193560                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       193613                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     13936320                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1548904                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     0.016757                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2       193560                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2        30425                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       163188                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2      1548480                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2      2190600                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     11749536                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization     0.021651                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       250101                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       250679                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     18007272                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2005432                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization     0.021691                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2       250101                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2        90489                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       160190                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2      2000808                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2      6515208                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     11533680                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization     0.016476                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       190368                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       190358                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     13706496                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1522864                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization     0.016476                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2       190368                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2        26315                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       164043                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2      1522944                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2      1894680                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     11811096                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization     2.042462                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4     23598671                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3     23598250                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4   1699104312                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3    188786000                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization     2.042433                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2     23598671                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2     23592737                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4         5513                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2    188789368                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2   1698677064                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       396936                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     0.520681                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2      6124365                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2      6003907                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2     48994920                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2    432281304                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     0.520678                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      6003859                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      6124413                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    432277848                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     48995304                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.511436                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2      6023150                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2      5896472                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2     48185200                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2    424545984                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.511432                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      5896416                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      6023206                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    424541952                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     48185648                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.513011                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2      6028505                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2      5916090                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2     48228040                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2    425958480                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.513007                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      5916040                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      6028555                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    425954880                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     48228440                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.513832                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2      6056680                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2      5923497                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2     48453440                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2    426491784                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.513828                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      5923451                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      6056726                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    426488472                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     48453808                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.016753                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       193560                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       193613                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     13936320                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1548904                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.021651                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       250101                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       250679                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     18007272                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2005432                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.link_utilization     0.016476                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::4       190368                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       190358                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     13706496                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1522864                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.link_utilization     2.042462                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::4     23598671                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3     23598250                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4   1699104312                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3    188786000                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.link_utilization     0.520681                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Control::2      6124365                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Data::2      6003907                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::2     48994920                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Data::2    432281304                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.link_utilization     0.511436                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Control::2      6023150                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Data::2      5896472                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::2     48185200                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::2    424545984                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.link_utilization     0.513011                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Control::2      6028505                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Data::2      5916090                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Control::2     48228040                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Data::2    425958480                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.link_utilization     0.513832                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Control::2      6056680                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Data::2      5923497                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Control::2     48453440                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Data::2    426491784                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples      24232700                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.000103                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.027072                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |    24232330    100.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |          27      0.00%    100.00% |         133      0.00%    100.00% |         187      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total        24232700                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples      24232900                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.002108                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.131317                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |    24225428     99.97%     99.97% |         749      0.00%     99.97% |         744      0.00%     99.98% |        2384      0.01%     99.99% |        3131      0.01%    100.00% |          46      0.00%    100.00% |          46      0.00%    100.00% |          36      0.00%    100.00% |         151      0.00%    100.00% |         185      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total        24232900                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples     89314879                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean      21.915505                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      2.089732                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     57.448521                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |    88361022     98.93%     98.93% |      815906      0.91%     99.85% |      130967      0.15%     99.99% |        6596      0.01%    100.00% |         387      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total      89314879                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     75707769                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    75707769    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     75707769                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     13607110                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   138.286009                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   126.189349                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    75.410940                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |    12653253     92.99%     92.99% |      815906      6.00%     98.99% |      130967      0.96%     99.95% |        6596      0.05%    100.00% |         387      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     13607110                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     55307527                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean      26.583434                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      2.341298                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     63.109370                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    51233913     92.63%     92.63% |     3402818      6.15%     98.79% |      534478      0.97%     99.75% |       44233      0.08%     99.83% |       65964      0.12%     99.95% |       21327      0.04%     99.99% |        2031      0.00%    100.00% |        2576      0.00%    100.00% |         186      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      55307527                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     45794252                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    45794252    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     45794252                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      9513275                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   149.734948                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   140.578372                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    69.555095                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     5439661     57.18%     57.18% |     3402818     35.77%     92.95% |      534478      5.62%     98.57% |       44233      0.46%     99.03% |       65964      0.69%     99.73% |       21327      0.22%     99.95% |        2031      0.02%     99.97% |        2576      0.03%    100.00% |         186      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      9513275                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   1060097789                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.065934                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.003344                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.976865                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  1060005177     99.99%     99.99% |       71075      0.01%    100.00% |       15972      0.00%    100.00% |        1879      0.00%    100.00% |        2751      0.00%    100.00% |         769      0.00%    100.00% |          70      0.00%    100.00% |          93      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   1060097789                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   1059268282                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1059268282    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   1059268282                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       829507                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    85.262503                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    71.239540                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    65.042629                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      736895     88.84%     88.84% |       71075      8.57%     97.40% |       15972      1.93%     99.33% |        1879      0.23%     99.56% |        2751      0.33%     99.89% |         769      0.09%     99.98% |          70      0.01%     99.99% |          93      0.01%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       829507                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples     25653947                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.870670                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.044900                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    10.832217                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |    25635075     99.93%     99.93% |       10253      0.04%     99.97% |        6864      0.03%     99.99% |         501      0.00%    100.00% |         919      0.00%    100.00% |         277      0.00%    100.00% |          32      0.00%    100.00% |          25      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total     25653947                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     25389273                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    25389273    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     25389273                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       264674                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    85.391062                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    70.607086                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    65.762514                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      245802     92.87%     92.87% |       10253      3.87%     96.74% |        6864      2.59%     99.34% |         501      0.19%     99.53% |         919      0.35%     99.87% |         277      0.10%     99.98% |          32      0.01%     99.99% |          25      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       264674                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       250608                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.516468                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.411862                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    39.828699                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      246337     98.30%     98.30% |        3010      1.20%     99.50% |         961      0.38%     99.88% |         123      0.05%     99.93% |         134      0.05%     99.98% |          37      0.01%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       250608                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       232474                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      232474    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       232474                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        18134                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   132.515551                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   117.516435                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    76.669000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       13863     76.45%     76.45% |        3010     16.60%     93.05% |         961      5.30%     98.35% |         123      0.68%     99.02% |         134      0.74%     99.76% |          37      0.20%     99.97% |           3      0.02%     99.98% |           3      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        18134                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       250608                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      250608    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       250608                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       250608                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      250608    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       250608                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       492934                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.119722                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.085372                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.805974                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      355951     72.21%     72.21% |      136982     27.79%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       492934                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     23739766                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   142.340846                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   131.035085                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    73.402163                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |    22083696     93.02%     93.02% |     1420917      5.99%     99.01% |      223145      0.94%     99.95% |       11429      0.05%    100.00% |         578      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     23739766                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        81826                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.354447                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.316189                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.901404                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       54312     66.37%     66.37% |       27514     33.63%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        81826                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     13525284                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   138.842182                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   126.956851                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    75.297764                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |    12571427     92.95%     92.95% |      815906      6.03%     98.98% |      130967      0.97%     99.95% |        6596      0.05%    100.00% |         387      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     13525284                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          975                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.007179                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.975366                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.735885                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         729     74.77%     74.77% |         246     25.23%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          975                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      9512300                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   149.745580                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   140.594477                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    69.550728                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     5438686     57.18%     57.18% |     3402818     35.77%     92.95% |      534478      5.62%     98.57% |       44233      0.47%     99.03% |       65964      0.69%     99.73% |       21327      0.22%     99.95% |        2031      0.02%     99.97% |        2576      0.03%    100.00% |         186      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      9512300                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       407827                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.071361                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.037957                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.781940                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      299402     73.41%     73.41% |      108424     26.59%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       407827                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       421680                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   123.166140                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   108.666900                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    73.463357                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      329069     78.04%     78.04% |       71074     16.85%     94.89% |       15972      3.79%     98.68% |        1879      0.45%     99.13% |        2751      0.65%     99.78% |         769      0.18%     99.96% |          70      0.02%     99.98% |          93      0.02%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       421680                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          741                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    45.093117                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.089920                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.550890                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         726     97.98%     97.98% |          15      2.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          741                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       263933                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    85.504200                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    70.696043                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    65.820036                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      245061     92.85%     92.85% |       10253      3.88%     96.73% |        6864      2.60%     99.34% |         501      0.19%     99.52% |         919      0.35%     99.87% |         277      0.10%     99.98% |          32      0.01%     99.99% |          25      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       263933                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1565                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    47.005751                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.963065                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.003665                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         782     49.97%     49.97% |         783     50.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         1565                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        16569                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   140.592251                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   128.151420                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    75.346432                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       12298     74.22%     74.22% |        3010     18.17%     92.39% |         961      5.80%     98.19% |         123      0.74%     98.93% |         134      0.81%     99.74% |          37      0.22%     99.96% |           3      0.02%     99.98% |           3      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        16569                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |     6124375     25.27%     25.27% |     6023150     24.86%     50.13% |     6028507     24.88%     75.01% |     6056680     24.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total     24232712                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX    |     6003907     25.29%     25.29% |     5896472     24.84%     50.13% |     5916089     24.92%     75.05% |     5923497     24.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX::total     23739965                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX_NotOwner |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX_NotOwner::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |     6003859     25.29%     25.29% |     5896416     24.84%     50.13% |     5916040     24.92%     75.05% |     5923451     24.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total     23739766                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |     6003907     25.29%     25.29% |     5896472     24.84%     50.13% |     5916089     24.92%     75.05% |     5923497     24.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total     23739965                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX  |     6003859     25.29%     25.29% |     5896416     24.84%     50.13% |     5916040     24.92%     75.05% |     5923451     24.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX::total     23739766                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.GETX  |      120506     24.45%     24.45% |      126734     25.71%     50.16% |      112465     22.82%     72.97% |      133229     27.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.GETX::total       492934                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX  |     6003907     25.29%     25.29% |     5896472     24.84%     50.13% |     5916089     24.92%     75.05% |     5923497     24.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX::total     23739965                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX_NotOwner |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX_NotOwner::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.GETX |          10    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.GETX::total           10                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |     6003859     25.29%     25.29% |     5896416     24.84%     50.13% |     5916040     24.92%     75.05% |     5923451     24.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total     23739766                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |     6003907     25.29%     25.29% |     5896472     24.84%     50.13% |     5916089     24.92%     75.05% |     5923497     24.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total     23739965                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |      668590      0.75%      0.75% |     1244836      1.39%      2.14% |      614484      0.69%      2.83% |    86786969     97.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     89314879                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     3051570      0.29%      0.29% |     5978895      0.56%      0.85% |     2758778      0.26%      1.11% |  1048308546     98.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total   1060097789                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |      512417      0.63%      0.63% |      868396      1.07%      1.70% |      451289      0.55%      2.25% |    79630588     97.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     81462690                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |      193560      0.80%      0.80% |      250101      1.03%      1.83% |      190368      0.79%      2.62% |    23598671     97.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total     24232700                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |      163188     33.11%     33.11% |      160190     32.50%     65.60% |      164043     33.28%     98.88% |        5513      1.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total       492934                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Replacement |       49622      0.21%      0.21% |      105172      0.44%      0.65% |       41217      0.17%      0.82% |    23594881     99.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Replacement::total     23790892                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |       30425      0.13%      0.13% |       90489      0.38%      0.51% |       26315      0.11%      0.62% |    23592736     99.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total     23739965                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Nack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Nack::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       38790      0.29%      0.29% |       84895      0.62%      0.91% |       40671      0.30%      1.21% |    13442754     98.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total     13607110                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |      149283     18.00%     18.00% |      151376     18.25%     36.25% |      146595     17.67%     53.92% |      382253     46.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total       829507                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |        5487      0.06%      0.06% |       13830      0.14%      0.20% |        3102      0.03%      0.23% |     9773664     99.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total      9796083                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Replacement |       19197     37.70%     37.70% |       14683     28.83%     66.53% |       14902     29.26%     95.79% |        2144      4.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Replacement::total        50926                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Writeback_Nack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Writeback_Nack::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |      629800      0.83%      0.83% |     1159941      1.53%      2.36% |      573813      0.76%      3.12% |    73344215     96.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     75707769                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch  |     2902287      0.27%      0.27% |     5827519      0.55%      0.82% |     2612183      0.25%      1.07% |  1047926293     98.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch::total   1059268282                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |      506930      0.71%      0.71% |      854566      1.19%      1.90% |      448187      0.63%      2.53% |    69856924     97.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     71666607                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |      163188     33.11%     33.11% |      160190     32.50%     65.60% |      164043     33.28%     98.88% |        5512      1.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total       492933                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Replacement |       30425      0.13%      0.13% |       90489      0.38%      0.51% |       26315      0.11%      0.62% |    23592737     99.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Replacement::total     23739966                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Fwd_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack |       30425      0.13%      0.13% |       90489      0.38%      0.51% |       26315      0.11%      0.62% |    23592736     99.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack::total     23739965                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |      188073      1.30%      1.30% |      236271      1.64%      2.94% |      187266      1.30%      4.24% |    13825007     95.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total     14436617                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |        5487      0.06%      0.06% |       13830      0.14%      0.20% |        3102      0.03%      0.23% |     9773664     99.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total      9796083                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.929900                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2929900452000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               55159896664001                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 114575                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   171752                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              451148747                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2729696                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  6494.31                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   744082838                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1115408604                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    389310528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total         389310528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0    389313792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total      389313792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0      6082977                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total            6082977                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0      6083028                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total           6083028                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    132875002                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            132875002                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    132876116                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           132876116                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    265751118                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           265751118                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                    6082977                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                   6083028                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                  6082977                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                 6083028                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM             373168832                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ               16141696                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten              387447360                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys              389310528                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys           389313792                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                252214                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                29153                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0           631924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1           345984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2           268946                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3           208672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4           253679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5           261525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6           486048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7           659469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8           296248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9           263544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10          301353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11          208856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12          268292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13          272124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14          241346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15          862753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0           658838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1           368023                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2           275293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3           210558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4           259343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5           268954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6           503695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7           677252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8           310887                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9           267903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10          306782                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11          211299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12          288792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13          283882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14          244493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15          917871                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 2929900248000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6              6082977                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6             6083028                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                5823243                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   7500                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                     20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                 17426                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                 17972                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                372546                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                376396                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                376540                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                376500                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                376424                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                376797                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                376998                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                376618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                376546                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                376335                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                376147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                376120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                376115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                376108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                376097                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                376097                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                    87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples      7553367                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   100.699043                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    81.318313                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   110.013098                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127      5941348     78.66%     78.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255      1110836     14.71%     93.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383       262146      3.47%     96.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511       101204      1.34%     98.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639        46321      0.61%     98.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767        25628      0.34%     99.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895        18866      0.25%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        26442      0.35%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        20576      0.27%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total      7553367                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples       376097                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     15.503330                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    15.418654                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     1.679391                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2-3             17      0.00%      0.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4-5            545      0.14%      0.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::6-7            940      0.25%      0.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8-9           1033      0.27%      0.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::10-11         2795      0.74%      1.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::12-13        10843      2.88%      4.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::14-15       126559     33.65%     37.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16-17       230238     61.22%     99.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::18-19         1295      0.34%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::20-21          330      0.09%     99.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::22-23          159      0.04%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::24-25          146      0.04%     99.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::26-27          199      0.05%     99.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::28-29          172      0.05%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::30-31          179      0.05%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::32-33          182      0.05%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::34-35           98      0.03%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::36-37           69      0.02%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::38-39           21      0.01%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::40-41           32      0.01%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::42-43           19      0.01%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::44-45           29      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::46-47           40      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::48-49           78      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::50-51           68      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::52-53            6      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::56-57            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::58-59            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::60-61            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::62-63            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total       376097                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples       376097                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.096552                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.091112                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.434401                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16          358150     95.23%     95.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17             263      0.07%     95.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18           17033      4.53%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19             623      0.17%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20              25      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21               3      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total       376097                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                135171317434                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat           244498123684                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat               29153815000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    23182.44                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               41932.44                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      127.37                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      132.24                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   132.88                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   132.88                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   1.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.67                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                 1448406                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                2882860                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                24.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               47.62                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    240826.82                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   36.44                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy             30062521440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy             16403161500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy            24339658200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy           20905866720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        191684400960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        1326154861035                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        597563741250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          2207114211105                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           752.058893                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 985413592001                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  97835920000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 1846652693749                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy             27121386600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy             14798375625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy            21217708200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy           18388743120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        191684400960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        1315538095185                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        606876693750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          2195625403440                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           748.144161                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1001107040251                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  97835920000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 1830962513749                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    381577664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total         381577664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1    381582208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total      381582208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1      5962151                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            5962151                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1      5962222                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total           5962222                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    130235709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            130235709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    130237260                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           130237260                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    260472970                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           260472970                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                    5962151                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                   5962222                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                  5962151                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                 5962222                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM             367313280                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ               14264384                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten              380648000                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys              381577664                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys           381582208                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                222881                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                14597                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0           626737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1           341095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2           259657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3           203854                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4           255494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5           266188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6           477283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7           655551                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8           268144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9           255817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10          299611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11          207143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12          265945                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13          263707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14          246057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15          846987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0           653295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1           362493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2           265345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3           205594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4           261513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5           275325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6           493042                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7           673506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8           274077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9           259474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10          305216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11          209645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12          286950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13          270695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14          249759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15          901696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 2929900138500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6              5962151                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6             5962222                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                5733150                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   6094                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                     26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                 17228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                 17654                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                367051                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                369741                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                369908                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                369844                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                369773                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                369877                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                370158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                369843                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                369763                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                369661                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                369532                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                369513                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                369513                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                369499                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                369498                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                369498                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                    67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples      7430466                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   100.661466                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    81.130199                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   111.040969                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127      5871695     79.02%     79.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255      1063807     14.32%     93.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383       256395      3.45%     96.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511       100890      1.36%     98.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639        45806      0.62%     98.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767        25234      0.34%     99.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895        18552      0.25%     99.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        25465      0.34%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        22622      0.30%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total      7430466                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples       369498                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     15.532615                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    15.454592                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     1.571355                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-1              2      0.00%      0.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2-3             14      0.00%      0.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4-5            364      0.10%      0.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::6-7           1153      0.31%      0.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8-9           1026      0.28%      0.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::10-11         2275      0.62%      1.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::12-13         8883      2.40%      3.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::14-15       121399     32.86%     36.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16-17       231209     62.57%     99.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::18-19         1221      0.33%     99.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::20-21          370      0.10%     99.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::22-23          231      0.06%     99.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::24-25          193      0.05%     99.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::26-27          315      0.09%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::28-29          211      0.06%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::30-31          183      0.05%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::32-33           98      0.03%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::34-35           63      0.02%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::36-37           40      0.01%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::38-39           33      0.01%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::40-41           41      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::42-43           26      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::44-45           69      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::46-47           58      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::48-49           13      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::50-51            3      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::52-53            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::54-55            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::60-61            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::62-63            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total       369498                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples       369498                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.096501                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.091092                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.432992                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16          351811     95.21%     95.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17             245      0.07%     95.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18           16940      4.58%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19             480      0.13%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20              19      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21               2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total       369498                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                133099950452                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat           240711262952                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat               28696350000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    23191.09                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               41941.09                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      125.37                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      129.92                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   130.24                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   130.24                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        1.99                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.98                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   1.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.75                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                 1421489                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                2834942                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                24.77                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               47.67                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    245706.85                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   36.42                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy             29736080640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy             16225044000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy            24102811200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy           20699569440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        191684400960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        1324699499700                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        598840374000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          2205987779940                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           751.675070                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 987593885500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  97835920000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 1844472862750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy             26515747440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy             14467917750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy            20739763200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy           17904985200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        191684400960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        1309396809735                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        612263793750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          2192973418035                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           747.240513                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1010176077251                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  97835920000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 1821891026249                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    382867136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total         382867136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2    382871744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total      382871744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2      5982299                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total            5982299                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2      5982371                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total           5982371                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    130675817                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            130675817                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    130677390                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           130677390                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    261353207                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           261353207                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                    5982299                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                   5982371                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                  5982299                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                 5982371                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM             368074816                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ               14792320                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten              381766144                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys              382867136                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys           382871744                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                231130                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                17279                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0           627021                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1           347104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2           264315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3           201219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4           253837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5           263276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6           478500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7           659363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8           272392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9           255185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10          296799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11          211562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12          270428                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13          257309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14          241440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15          851419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0           653164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1           367849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2           269563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3           202860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4           260167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5           271897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6           495638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7           680301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8           282431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9           258703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10          302157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11          214381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12          292303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13          263401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14          244829                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15          905452                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 2929900757000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6              5982299                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6             5982371                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                5743347                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   7801                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                     21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                 16931                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                 17453                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                367219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                370896                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                371058                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                370975                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                370960                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                371270                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                371466                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                371101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                371061                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                370849                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                370652                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                370638                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                370636                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                370614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                370611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                370610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                    88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples      7457198                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   100.552642                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean    81.104775                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   110.375078                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127      5896246     79.07%     79.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255      1063127     14.26%     93.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383       257877      3.46%     96.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511       102097      1.37%     98.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639        46809      0.63%     98.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767        25707      0.34%     99.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895        18845      0.25%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        26336      0.35%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        20154      0.27%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total      7457198                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples       370610                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     15.518130                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    15.436125                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     1.582347                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2-3            169      0.05%      0.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::4-5            408      0.11%      0.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::6-7            621      0.17%      0.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::8-9           1302      0.35%      0.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::10-11         2658      0.72%      1.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::12-13         9825      2.65%      4.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::14-15       123386     33.29%     37.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::16-17       228460     61.64%     98.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::18-19         1172      0.32%     99.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::20-21          793      0.21%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::22-23          563      0.15%     99.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::24-25          196      0.05%     99.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::26-27          219      0.06%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::28-29          217      0.06%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::30-31          160      0.04%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::32-33          102      0.03%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::34-35           94      0.03%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::36-37           53      0.01%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::38-39           28      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::40-41           38      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::42-43           29      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::44-45           62      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::46-47           34      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::48-49           15      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::50-51            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::56-57            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::58-59            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::60-61            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total       370610                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples       370610                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.095346                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.089977                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.431476                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16          353122     95.28%     95.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::17             290      0.08%     95.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18           16564      4.47%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::19             619      0.17%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::20              14      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::21               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total       370610                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                133629947917                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat           241464366667                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat               28755845000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    23235.27                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               41985.27                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      125.63                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      130.30                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   130.68                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   130.68                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.98                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   1.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     25.77                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                 1415431                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                2843636                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                24.61                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               47.67                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    244879.36                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   36.35                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy             29846418840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy             16285248375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy            24170413800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy           20772158400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy        191684400960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy        1328437740105                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy        595561215750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          2206757596230                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           751.937379                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 982064611003                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF  97835920000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 1850003524747                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy             26605083960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy             14516662875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy            20763467400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy           17943618960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy        191684400960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy        1312817427900                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy        609263244000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          2193593906055                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           747.451943                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1005074220506                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF  97835920000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 1826993444494                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    383176832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total         383176832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3    383180928                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total      383180928                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3      5987138                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total            5987138                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3      5987202                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total           5987202                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    130781519                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            130781519                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    130782917                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           130782917                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    261564436                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           261564436                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                    5987138                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                   5987202                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                  5987138                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                 5987202                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM             368853568                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ               14323264                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten              382155904                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys              383176832                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys           383180928                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                223801                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                16021                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0           624868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1           339900                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2           266531                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3           202959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4           252309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5           263274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6           486842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7           656512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8           274843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9           257618                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10          299103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11          206503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12          268624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13          262126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14          242077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15          859248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0           651426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1           363377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2           270655                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3           204837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4           257925                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5           268847                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6           505203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7           675030                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8           279923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9           262563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10          304148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11          209044                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12          291859                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13          268416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14          245529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15          912404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 2929900616000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6              5987138                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6             5987202                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                5754963                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   8352                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                     22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                 15704                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                 16118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                367032                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                371449                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                371752                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                371540                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                371490                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                372040                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                372077                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                371710                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                371733                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                371419                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                371205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                371182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                371169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                371160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                371157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                371158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                    83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples      7466393                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   100.585372                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean    81.115447                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   110.597304                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127      5902001     79.05%     79.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255      1066337     14.28%     93.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383       259304      3.47%     96.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511       101049      1.35%     98.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639        45784      0.61%     98.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767        25320      0.34%     99.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895        19618      0.26%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        26456      0.35%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        20524      0.27%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total      7466393                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples       371157                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     15.528038                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    15.436079                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     1.661274                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            338      0.09%      0.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::4-7           1164      0.31%      0.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::8-11          3028      0.82%      1.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::12-15       132835     35.79%     37.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::16-19       231921     62.49%     99.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          624      0.17%     99.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::24-27          337      0.09%     99.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::28-31          272      0.07%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::32-35          216      0.06%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::36-39          164      0.04%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           66      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::44-47           80      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::48-51          108      0.03%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::52-55            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::60-63            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::64-67            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total       371157                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples       371157                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.088033                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.083058                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.415374                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16          354998     95.65%     95.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::17             235      0.06%     95.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18           15345      4.13%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::19             569      0.15%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::20               8      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::21               2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total       371157                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                134192360901                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat           242254929651                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat               28816685000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    23283.80                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               42033.80                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      125.89                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      130.43                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   130.78                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   130.78                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.98                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   1.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     25.67                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                 1410730                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                2857403                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                24.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               47.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    244681.60                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   36.37                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy             29794005360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy             16256649750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy            24157013400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy           20743212240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy        191684400960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy        1324041187320                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy        599417841000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          2206094310030                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           751.711369                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 988425097000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF  97835920000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 1843641264750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy             26724940200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy             14582060625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy            20870265000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy           18010499040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy        191684400960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy        1311498263790                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy        610420405500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          2193790835115                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           747.519045                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1007041656750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF  97835920000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 1825027051750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      5860072992                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    4376525                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                      8907425                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              8742828                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                 21533                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     230466                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       621757                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     8742828                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                        21533                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           17840199                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           7075220                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads               34273                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes              16707                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             4785984                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes            2627321                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      2171837                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    1292942                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    878895                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              5825267373.948591                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              34805618.051409                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.005939                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.994061                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           938282                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass               107441      1.21%      1.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  6570334     73.76%     74.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                   11460      0.13%     75.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    30529      0.34%     75.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                  15934      0.18%     75.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                     32      0.00%     75.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 1292942     14.52%     90.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 878895      9.87%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                   8907567                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      5859800904                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   15243882                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     27716498                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             27412753                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                  5742                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     577958                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      2007371                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    27412753                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                         5742                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           54827621                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          22621316                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                9343                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes               4494                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads            16136876                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           10987272                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      5965956                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    3739889                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   2226067                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              5762115179.002033                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              97685724.997967                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.016670                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.983330                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          2747020                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               114143      0.41%      0.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 21556613     77.77%     78.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   46650      0.17%     78.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                    29190      0.11%     78.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                   4244      0.02%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                     16      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 3739889     13.49%     91.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                2226067      8.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  27716812                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      5855788732                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    2780566                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      5836539                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              5696928                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                  7491                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     157534                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       409938                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     5696928                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                         7491                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           11630535                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           4693762                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads               12375                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes               6003                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             3173344                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            1730071                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      1398251                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     869144                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    529107                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              5831578700.826797                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              24210031.173204                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.004134                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.995866                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           621212                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                94390      1.62%      1.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  4297458     73.63%     75.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    9621      0.16%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    31222      0.53%     75.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                   5742      0.10%     76.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  869144     14.89%     90.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 529107      9.07%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   5836684                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      5860262197                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                  720338419                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                   1070474318                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses            469911651                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses             708853926                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                    1019344                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts     11304405                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                   469911651                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                    708853926                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads          983807529                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes         348599441                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads          1593862418                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes          654324516                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads           114825840                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes          203735668                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                    130702550                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                   76237040                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                  54465510                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              81000841.017192                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              5779261355.982808                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.986178                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.013822                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                         12686792                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass               339358      0.03%      0.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                436020331     40.73%     40.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   93754      0.01%     40.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                     6297      0.00%     40.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd              503328816     47.02%     87.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     87.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                     48      0.00%     87.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     87.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     87.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     87.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     87.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     87.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     87.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     87.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     87.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     87.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     87.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     87.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     87.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     87.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     87.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     87.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     87.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     87.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     87.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     87.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     87.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     87.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     87.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     87.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                76237040      7.12%     94.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite               54465510      5.09%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                1070491154                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 3089                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                3089                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                4653                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               4653                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               287                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              287                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          128                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          130                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          128                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          128                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          514                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          496                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          226                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1674                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2430                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          498                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1704                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1640                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3852                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          414                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         3216                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1624                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5260                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           80                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          452                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1660                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4002                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   16058                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          260                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         1028                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          113                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3348                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4503                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          996                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          852                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5148                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          828                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           46                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          894                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    21583                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                84000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy              1486480                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             4340500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             1880489                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             2099991                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             2115497                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             2252477                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              379998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1853500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             3098000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             4347000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             3212000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages            2                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes         8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs            2                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  4                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  39                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               97655253                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.001506                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 0.109968                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    97635663     99.98%     99.98% |        9347      0.01%     99.99% |        9126      0.01%    100.00% |         323      0.00%    100.00% |         792      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 97655253                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   2489710720                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000687                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2489709545    100.00%    100.00% |        1175      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   2489710720                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     2489710720                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          3.728767                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.099823                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev        21.898562                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  2486380452     99.87%     99.87% |     2857265      0.11%     99.98% |      448841      0.02%    100.00% |       23001      0.00%    100.00% |        1159      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       2489710720                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   2440883261                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2440883261    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   2440883261                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     48827459                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   140.139748                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   127.954074                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    73.972290                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |    45497191     93.18%     93.18% |     2857265      5.85%     99.03% |      448841      0.92%     99.95% |       23001      0.05%    100.00% |        1159      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     48827459                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.incomplete_times_seqr      1073128                      
system.ruby.Directory.incomplete_times_seqr     47754331                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_hits      7777455                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_misses       276659                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_accesses      8054114                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_hits     25562350                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_misses       411242                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_accesses     25973592                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles             4                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_hits      4841909                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_misses       225485                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_accesses      5067394                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_hits   1196058889                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_misses     23681373                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_accesses   1219740262                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     0.023609                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Control::2       276659                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Data::2        85468                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::4       467915                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       276724                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Control::2      2213272                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Data::2      6153696                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     33689880                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2213792                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized     0.035090                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Control::2       411242                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Data::2       226511                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Data::4       595974                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       411243                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Control::2      3289936                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Data::2     16308792                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     42910128                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      3289944                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized     0.019247                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Control::2       225485                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Data::2        41225                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Data::4       409909                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       225649                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Control::2      1803880                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Data::2      2968200                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     29513448                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1805192                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized     2.020659                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Control::2     23681373                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Data::2     23661494                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Data::4     23701155                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3     23681278                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Control::2    189450984                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Data::2   1703627568                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4   1706483160                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3    189450224                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     0.520239                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Control::2      6222955                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Data::2      6082996                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::4      6082977                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           34                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      6222976                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Control::2     49783640                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Data::2    437975712                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    437974344                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          272                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     49783808                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.509979                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Control::2      6107961                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Data::2      5962190                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::4      5962151                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      6108000                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Control::2     48863688                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Data::2    429277680                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    429274872                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     48864000                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.511670                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Control::2      6124811                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Data::2      5982341                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::4      5982299                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      6124853                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Control::2     48998488                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Data::2    430728552                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    430725528                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     48998824                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.512163                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Control::2      6139032                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Data::2      5987171                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::4      5987138                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      6139065                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Control::2     49112256                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Data::2    431076312                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    431073936                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     49112520                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.000001                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          130                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         1040                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.415266                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::2     24594759                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Data::2     24014698                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::4     24594759                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          130                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3     24594894                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::2    196758072                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Data::2   1729058256                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4   1770822648                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         1040                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3    196759152                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        73784277                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Data           72044094                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     73784283                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     73785456                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control        590274216                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Data          5187174768                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   5312468376                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    590283648                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     0.023607                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       276659                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       276724                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     19919448                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2213792                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     0.023612                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2       276659                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2        85468                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       191256                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2      2213272                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2      6153696                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     13770432                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization     0.035090                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       411242                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       411243                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     29609424                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      3289944                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization     0.035090                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2       411242                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2       226511                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       184732                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2      3289936                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2     16308792                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     13300704                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization     0.019241                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       225485                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       225649                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     16234920                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1805192                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization     0.019253                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2       225485                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2        41225                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       184424                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2      1803880                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2      2968200                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     13278528                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization     2.020663                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4     23681373                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3     23681278                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4   1705058856                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3    189450224                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization     2.020656                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2     23681373                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2     23661494                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        19782                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2    189450984                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2   1703627568                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1424304                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     0.520239                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2      6222955                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2      6082996                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           34                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2     49783640                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2    437975712                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          272                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     0.520238                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      6082977                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      6222976                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    437974344                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     49783808                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.509981                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2      6107961                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2      5962190                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2     48863688                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2    429277680                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.509978                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      5962151                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      6108000                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    429274872                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     48864000                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.511672                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2      6124811                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2      5982341                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2     48998488                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2    430728552                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.511669                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      5982299                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      6124853                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    430725528                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     48998824                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.512164                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2      6139032                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2      5987171                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2     49112256                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2    431076312                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.512162                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      5987138                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      6139065                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    431073936                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     49112520                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000001                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000001                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          130                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         1040                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.023607                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       276659                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       276724                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     19919448                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2213792                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.035090                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       411242                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       411243                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     29609424                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      3289944                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.link_utilization     0.019241                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::4       225485                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       225649                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     16234920                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1805192                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.link_utilization     2.020663                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::4     23681373                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3     23681278                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4   1705058856                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3    189450224                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.link_utilization     0.520239                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Control::2      6222955                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Data::2      6082996                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           34                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::2     49783640                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Data::2    437975712                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          272                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.link_utilization     0.509981                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Control::2      6107961                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Data::2      5962190                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::2     48863688                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::2    429277680                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.link_utilization     0.511672                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Control::2      6124811                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Data::2      5982341                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Control::2     48998488                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Data::2    430728552                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.link_utilization     0.512164                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Control::2      6139032                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Data::2      5987171                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Control::2     49112256                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Data::2    431076312                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.link_utilization     0.000001                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples      48827459                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.000137                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.030689                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |    48826377    100.00%    100.00% |         117      0.00%    100.00% |         137      0.00%    100.00% |         358      0.00%    100.00% |         460      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total        48827459                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples      48827794                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.002875                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.152448                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |    48809169     99.96%     99.96% |        8852      0.02%     99.98% |        8656      0.02%    100.00% |         323      0.00%    100.00% |         792      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total        48827794                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    182179466                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean      21.606109                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      2.067764                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     57.070469                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   180262533     98.95%     98.95% |     1639649      0.90%     99.85% |      263238      0.14%     99.99% |       13267      0.01%    100.00% |         777      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     182179466                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    154817188                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   154817188    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    154817188                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     27362278                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   138.196546                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   126.072998                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    75.430273                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |    25445345     92.99%     92.99% |     1639649      5.99%     98.99% |      263238      0.96%     99.95% |       13267      0.05%    100.00% |         777      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     27362278                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples    113065492                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean      26.102969                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      2.304911                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     62.603065                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |   104908351     92.79%     92.79% |     6810971      6.02%     98.81% |     1072581      0.95%     99.76% |       88799      0.08%     99.84% |      132380      0.12%     99.95% |       42790      0.04%     99.99% |        4082      0.00%    100.00% |        5164      0.00%    100.00% |         372      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total     113065492                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     93973080                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    93973080    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     93973080                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     19092412                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   149.660083                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   140.489042                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    69.578771                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |    10935271     57.28%     57.28% |     6810971     35.67%     92.95% |     1072581      5.62%     98.57% |       88799      0.47%     99.03% |      132380      0.69%     99.73% |       42790      0.22%     99.95% |        4082      0.02%     99.97% |        5164      0.03%    100.00% |         372      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     19092412                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   2141774750                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.070499                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.003584                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.077161                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  2141575862     99.99%     99.99% |      152052      0.01%    100.00% |       34751      0.00%    100.00% |        4113      0.00%    100.00% |        5936      0.00%    100.00% |        1674      0.00%    100.00% |         152      0.00%    100.00% |         204      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   2141774750                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   2139977048                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2139977048    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   2139977048                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1797702                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    84.992772                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    70.986674                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    65.056659                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |     1598814     88.94%     88.94% |      152052      8.46%     97.39% |       34751      1.93%     99.33% |        4113      0.23%     99.56% |        5936      0.33%     99.89% |        1674      0.09%     99.98% |         152      0.01%     99.99% |         204      0.01%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1797702                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples     51548456                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.870399                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.044857                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    10.834462                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |    51510317     99.93%     99.93% |       20828      0.04%     99.97% |       13779      0.03%     99.99% |        1012      0.00%    100.00% |        1848      0.00%    100.00% |         556      0.00%    100.00% |          64      0.00%    100.00% |          50      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total     51548456                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     51017206                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    51017206    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     51017206                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       531250                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    85.456915                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    70.654284                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    65.808434                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      493111     92.82%     92.82% |       20828      3.92%     96.74% |       13779      2.59%     99.34% |        1012      0.19%     99.53% |        1848      0.35%     99.87% |         556      0.10%     99.98% |          64      0.01%     99.99% |          50      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       531250                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       571278                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.958451                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.439597                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    40.656008                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      561489     98.29%     98.29% |        6771      1.19%     99.47% |        2293      0.40%     99.87% |         288      0.05%     99.92% |         329      0.06%     99.98% |          90      0.02%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       571278                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       527461                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      527461    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       527461                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        43817                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   130.836456                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   115.642610                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    77.368688                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       34028     77.66%     77.66% |        6771     15.45%     93.11% |        2293      5.23%     98.35% |         288      0.66%     99.00% |         329      0.75%     99.75% |          90      0.21%     99.96% |           9      0.02%     99.98% |           9      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        43817                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       571278                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      571278    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       571278                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       571278                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      571278    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       571278                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1073128                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.109327                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.074092                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.848399                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1073107    100.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      1073128                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     47754331                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   142.252785                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   130.924996                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    73.427733                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |    44424063     93.03%     93.03% |     2857265      5.98%     99.01% |      448841      0.94%     99.95% |       23001      0.05%    100.00% |        1159      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     47754331                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       178951                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.342803                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.303527                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.958382                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      119606     66.84%     66.84% |       59339     33.16%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       178951                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     27183327                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   138.801230                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   126.907062                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    75.307694                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |    25266394     92.95%     92.95% |     1639649      6.03%     98.98% |      263238      0.97%     99.95% |       13267      0.05%    100.00% |         777      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     27183327                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         3028                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.763540                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.720469                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.017981                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1701     56.18%     56.18% |        1325     43.76%     99.93% |           2      0.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         3028                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     19089384                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   149.676404                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   140.513579                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    69.572214                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |    10932243     57.27%     57.27% |     6810971     35.68%     92.95% |     1072581      5.62%     98.57% |       88799      0.47%     99.03% |      132380      0.69%     99.73% |       42790      0.22%     99.95% |        4082      0.02%     99.97% |        5164      0.03%    100.00% |         372      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     19089384                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       885077                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.058984                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.024759                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.820518                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      885062    100.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       885077                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       912625                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   122.751327                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   108.064158                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    73.742639                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      713743     78.21%     78.21% |      152046     16.66%     94.87% |       34751      3.81%     98.68% |        4113      0.45%     99.13% |        5936      0.65%     99.78% |        1674      0.18%     99.96% |         152      0.02%     99.98% |         204      0.02%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       912625                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1959                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    45.189893                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.182432                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.845996                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1882     96.07%     96.07% |          77      3.93%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         1959                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       529291                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    85.605950                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    70.771297                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    65.884390                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      491152     92.79%     92.79% |       20828      3.94%     96.73% |       13779      2.60%     99.33% |        1012      0.19%     99.52% |        1848      0.35%     99.87% |         556      0.11%     99.98% |          64      0.01%     99.99% |          50      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       529291                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         4113                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.740822                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.698552                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.996453                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2333     56.72%     56.72% |        1779     43.25%     99.98% |           1      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         4113                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        39704                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   139.548056                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   127.032178                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    76.138605                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       29915     75.35%     75.35% |        6771     17.05%     92.40% |        2293      5.78%     98.17% |         288      0.73%     98.90% |         329      0.83%     99.73% |          90      0.23%     99.95% |           9      0.02%     99.98% |           9      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        39704                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |     6222992     25.30%     25.30% |     6107980     24.83%     50.14% |     6124865     24.90%     75.04% |     6139054     24.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total     24594891                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX    |     6082996     25.33%     25.33% |     5962190     24.83%     50.16% |     5982339     24.91%     75.07% |     5987170     24.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX::total     24014695                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX_NotOwner |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     66.67%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX_NotOwner::total            3                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |          32     25.00%     25.00% |          32     25.00%     50.00% |          32     25.00%     75.00% |          32     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |     6082977     25.33%     25.33% |     5962151     24.83%     50.16% |     5982299     24.91%     75.07% |     5987138     24.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total     24014565                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |     6083028     25.33%     25.33% |     5962222     24.83%     50.16% |     5982371     24.91%     75.07% |     5987202     24.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total     24014823                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX  |     6082977     25.33%     25.33% |     5962151     24.83%     50.16% |     5982299     24.91%     75.07% |     5987138     24.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX::total     24014565                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |          32     25.00%     25.00% |          32     25.00%     50.00% |          32     25.00%     75.00% |          32     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.GETX  |      139978     24.13%     24.13% |      145810     25.13%     49.26% |      142512     24.56%     73.82% |      151894     26.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.GETX::total       580194                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX  |     6082994     25.33%     25.33% |     5962190     24.83%     50.16% |     5982339     24.91%     75.07% |     5987170     24.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX::total     24014693                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX_NotOwner |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     66.67%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX_NotOwner::total            3                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.PUTX |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.PUTX::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.GETX |          34     27.42%     27.42% |          17     13.71%     41.13% |          51     41.13%     82.26% |          22     17.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.GETX::total          124                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |     6082977     25.33%     25.33% |     5962151     24.83%     50.16% |     5982299     24.91%     75.07% |     5987138     24.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total     24014565                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.GETX |           3     37.50%     37.50% |           2     25.00%     62.50% |           3     37.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.GETX::total            8                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |     6082994     25.33%     25.33% |     5962190     24.83%     50.16% |     5982339     24.91%     75.07% |     5987170     24.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total     24014693                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |          32     25.00%     25.00% |          32     25.00%     50.00% |          32     25.00%     75.00% |          32     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total          128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total            2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total          128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total              2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total             128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total            2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total          128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total          128                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     1211924      1.31%      1.31% |     3383490      3.64%      4.95% |      813168      0.88%      5.82% |    87456005     94.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     92864587                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     5876353      0.54%      0.54% |    20001483      1.85%      2.39% |     3668727      0.34%      2.73% |  1052130398     97.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total   1081676961                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |      965837      1.15%      1.15% |     2588619      3.07%      4.22% |      585499      0.69%      4.91% |    80153859     95.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     84293814                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |      276659      1.12%      1.12% |      411242      1.67%      2.80% |      225485      0.92%      3.71% |    23681373     96.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total     24594759                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |      191256     32.96%     32.96% |      184732     31.84%     64.80% |      184424     31.79%     96.59% |       19782      3.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total       580194                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Replacement |      109925      0.46%      0.46% |      245566      1.02%      1.48% |       58988      0.24%      1.72% |    23666444     98.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Replacement::total     24080923                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |       85467      0.36%      0.36% |      226510      0.94%      1.30% |       41225      0.17%      1.47% |    23661493     98.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total     24014695                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Nack |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Nack::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       64520      0.47%      0.47% |      164738      1.20%      1.67% |       50615      0.37%      2.03% |    13475295     97.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total     13755168                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |      193687     20.00%     20.00% |      187344     19.35%     39.35% |      167195     17.27%     56.62% |      419969     43.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total       968195                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |       18452      0.19%      0.19% |       59160      0.60%      0.79% |        7675      0.08%      0.86% |     9786109     99.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total      9871396                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Replacement |       24457     36.93%     36.93% |       19055     28.77%     65.70% |       17763     26.82%     92.52% |        4952      7.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Replacement::total        66227                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Writeback_Nack |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Writeback_Nack::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     1147404      1.45%      1.45% |     3218752      4.07%      5.52% |      762553      0.96%      6.48% |    73980710     93.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     79109419                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch  |     5682666      0.53%      0.53% |    19814139      1.83%      2.36% |     3501532      0.32%      2.68% |  1051710429     97.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch::total   1080708766                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |      947385      1.27%      1.27% |     2529459      3.40%      4.67% |      577824      0.78%      5.45% |    70367750     94.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     74422418                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |      191255     32.96%     32.96% |      184731     31.84%     64.80% |      184424     31.79%     96.59% |       19781      3.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total       580191                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Replacement |       85468      0.36%      0.36% |      226511      0.94%      1.30% |       41225      0.17%      1.47% |    23661492     98.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Replacement::total     24014696                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Fwd_GETX |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Fwd_GETX::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Inv::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack |       85467      0.36%      0.36% |      226510      0.94%      1.30% |       41225      0.17%      1.47% |    23661493     98.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack::total     24014695                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |      258207      1.75%      1.75% |      352082      2.39%      4.15% |      217810      1.48%      5.62% |    13895264     94.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total     14723363                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |       18452      0.19%      0.19% |       59160      0.60%      0.79% |        7675      0.08%      0.86% |     9786109     99.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total      9871396                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
