
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.462824                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                462824203000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               52370029522501                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 141869                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   256036                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              244268648                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1833432                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1894.73                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   268804464                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     485120536                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0       126144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            126144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0        38720                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total          38720                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0         1971                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               1971                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0          605                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total               605                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0       272553                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total               272553                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0        83660                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total               83660                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0       356213                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total              356213                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                       1971                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                       605                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                     1971                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                     605                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                124736                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1408                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                  36864                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                 126144                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys               38720                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    22                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0               78                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1               56                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2              133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3              122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4               78                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5               95                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6               71                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7              104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8               90                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9              132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10              60                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11              57                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12             169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13             247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14             227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15             230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0               97                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2               17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6              129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7               22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8               17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12              34                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13              19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14              33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15              32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 462816490500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                 1971                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                 605                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                   1934                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                     15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                    39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                    32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                    32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                    32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples          960                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   168.466667                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   113.881248                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   209.735717                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127          516     53.75%     53.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255          278     28.96%     82.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383           83      8.65%     91.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511           19      1.98%     93.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639            8      0.83%     94.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767           10      1.04%     95.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895            8      0.83%     96.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            7      0.73%     96.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           31      3.23%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total          960                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples           30                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean    190.266667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   824.014728                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-255           28     93.33%     93.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            1      3.33%     96.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            1      3.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total           30                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples           30                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     19.200000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    19.150469                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.471570                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18              11     36.67%     36.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19               9     30.00%     66.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20               8     26.67%     93.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      3.33%     96.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::25               1      3.33%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total           30                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                    19093000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat               55636750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                   9745000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                     9796.31                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               28546.31                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.27                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.08                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.27                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.08                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     26.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                    1059                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                    507                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                54.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               83.80                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                 179664786.68                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   61.32                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                 8414280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                 4591125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy               21840000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy               2747520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy         30452064240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy         11828641995                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        269363872500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          311682171660                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           668.511429                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 446437528500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  15454660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    925354000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                10485720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                 5721375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy               25459200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                984960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy         30452064240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy         11950326450                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        269257123500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          311702165445                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           668.554332                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 446211726500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  15454660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1156086000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1       117888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total            117888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1        37952                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total          37952                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1         1842                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total               1842                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1          593                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total               593                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1       254714                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total               254714                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1        82001                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total               82001                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1       336715                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total              336715                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                       1842                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                       593                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                     1842                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                     593                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                116480                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1408                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                  36672                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                 117888                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys               37952                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    22                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0               71                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1               53                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2              153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3              123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4               77                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5               94                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6               53                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7               83                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8               83                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9              126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10              53                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11              31                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12             155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13             243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14             206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15             216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0               96                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1              129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7               22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9               17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12              41                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13              18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14              33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15              32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 462823993500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                 1842                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                 593                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                   1811                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                    43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                    38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                    32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples          910                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   168.298901                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   111.578702                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   214.199681                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127          524     57.58%     57.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255          222     24.40%     81.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383           85      9.34%     91.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511           16      1.76%     93.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639           10      1.10%     94.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767            5      0.55%     94.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895            9      0.99%     95.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           10      1.10%     96.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           29      3.19%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total          910                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples           30                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean    195.200000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   807.690296                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-255           27     90.00%     90.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            1      3.33%     93.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            1      3.33%     96.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            1      3.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total           30                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples           30                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     19.100000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    19.075602                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.994814                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18               9     30.00%     30.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19              12     40.00%     70.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20               7     23.33%     93.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21               1      3.33%     96.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      3.33%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total           30                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                    19419500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat               53544500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                   9100000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    10670.05                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               29420.05                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.25                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.08                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.25                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.08                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     20.11                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                     972                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                    511                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                53.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               86.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                 190071455.24                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   61.46                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                 8104320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                 4422000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy               21153600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy               2695680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy         30452064240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy         11760416415                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        269423711250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          311672567505                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           668.490849                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 446513743000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  15454660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    855590500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                10432800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                 5692500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy               24616800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy               1017360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy         30452064240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy         11967210990                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        269242320750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          311703355440                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           668.556865                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 446236879000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  15454660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1130947250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2       118592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total            118592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2        37632                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total          37632                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2         1853                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total               1853                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2          588                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total               588                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2       256236                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total               256236                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2        81309                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total               81309                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2       337545                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total              337545                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                       1853                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                       588                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                     1853                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                     588                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                117376                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   1216                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                  36544                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                 118592                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys               37632                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    19                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0               84                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1               62                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2              131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3              129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4               68                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5               91                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6               57                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7               87                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8               77                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9              131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10              47                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11              37                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12             160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13             250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14             212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15             211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0               98                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2               18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4                7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5                5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7               21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12              36                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13              18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14              33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15              31                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 462829877000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                 1853                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6                 588                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                   1822                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                     12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                    38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                    32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                    32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                    32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                    32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples          891                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   172.606061                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   114.496706                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   216.410037                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127          494     55.44%     55.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255          229     25.70%     81.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383           84      9.43%     90.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511           22      2.47%     93.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639            7      0.79%     93.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767            6      0.67%     94.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895            9      1.01%     95.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           10      1.12%     96.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           30      3.37%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total          891                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples           30                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean    195.100000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   803.546851                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-255           27     90.00%     90.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            1      3.33%     93.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            1      3.33%     96.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1      3.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total           30                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples           30                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     19.033333                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    19.014923                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.850287                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18              10     33.33%     33.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::19               9     30.00%     63.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::20              11     36.67%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total           30                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                    17699500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat               52087000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                   9170000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                     9650.76                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               28400.76                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        0.25                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.08                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     0.26                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.08                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     22.06                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                    1009                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                    504                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                55.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               85.71                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                 189606668.17                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   62.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                 8179920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                 4463250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy               21231600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy               2728080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy         30452064240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy         11840119515                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy        269353804500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          311682591105                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           668.512328                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 446427418750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF  15454660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    947030500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                10024560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                 5469750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy               24484200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy                972000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy         30452064240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy         11936142000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy        269269566000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          311698722750                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           668.546948                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 446271908750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF  15454660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1095903750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3       124096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total            124096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3        37504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total          37504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3         1939                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total               1939                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3          586                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total               586                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3       268128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total               268128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3        81033                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total               81033                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3       349161                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total              349161                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                       1939                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                       586                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                     1939                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                     586                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                123072                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                   1024                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                  36608                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                 124096                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys               37504                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    16                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0               75                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1               81                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2              141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3              121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4               69                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5              100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6               55                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7              100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8               77                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9              139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10              48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11              43                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12             166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13             263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14             228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15             217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0               97                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4                5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7               18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12              36                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13              17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14              36                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15              35                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 462783556500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                 1939                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6                 586                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                   1909                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                     14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                    38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                    39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples          944                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   169.288136                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   113.038400                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   212.173086                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127          526     55.72%     55.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255          249     26.38%     82.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383           83      8.79%     90.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511           17      1.80%     92.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639           14      1.48%     94.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767           10      1.06%     95.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895            6      0.64%     95.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           10      1.06%     96.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           29      3.07%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total          944                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples           30                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean    199.266667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   814.898849                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-255           27     90.00%     90.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            1      3.33%     93.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279            1      3.33%     96.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            1      3.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total           30                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples           30                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     19.066667                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    19.031199                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.229896                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18              11     36.67%     36.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::19              10     33.33%     70.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::20               8     26.67%     96.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::24               1      3.33%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total           30                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                    18870250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat               54926500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                   9615000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                     9812.92                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               28562.92                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        0.27                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.08                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     0.27                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.08                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     19.02                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                    1043                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                    509                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                54.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               86.86                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                 183280616.44                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   61.86                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                 8497440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                 4636500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy               21746400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy               2695680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy         30452064240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy         11835396495                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy        269357939250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          311682976005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           668.513174                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 446424208250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF  15454660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    938812500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                10326960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                 5634750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy               24905400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy               1010880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy         30452064240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy         11939653485                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy        269266485750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          311700081465                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           668.549862                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 446234828000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF  15454660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1132984500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                       929096575                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                     399937                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                       842782                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses               827812                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                   387                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                      24805                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts        55361                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                      827812                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                          387                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads            1674785                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes            675771                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                 622                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                354                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads              444422                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes             257921                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                       201765                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     123346                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                     78419                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              927284190.674931                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              1812384.325069                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.001951                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.998049                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                            87678                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                 9668      1.15%      1.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                   626976     74.39%     75.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    1679      0.20%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                     2478      0.29%     76.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                    239      0.03%     76.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  123346     14.64%     90.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                  78419      9.30%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                    842805                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                       927538877                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  265721226                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                    479141101                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            269513524                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses             270602519                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                    9863982                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     14994510                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   269513524                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                    270602519                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          512439184                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         176023646                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads           446698678                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes          249457043                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           106875236                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           82950774                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     84016123                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   62862728                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  21153395                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              3539440.940691                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              923999436.059309                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.996184                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.003816                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         27041693                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                10591      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                244742447     51.08%     51.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                    2378      0.00%     51.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                     1737      0.00%     51.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd              150367922     31.38%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                62862728     13.12%     95.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               21153395      4.41%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                 479141198                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                       923287020                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                     367281                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                       778061                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses               763042                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                    33                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                      21479                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts        56125                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                      763042                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                           33                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads            1539124                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes            627519                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                  14                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                 25                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads              434874                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes             233858                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                       183402                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     113503                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                     69899                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              921530705.926373                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              1756314.073627                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.001902                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.998098                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                            84469                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                11647      1.50%      1.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                   577454     74.22%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    1574      0.20%     75.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                     3971      0.51%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                     17      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  113503     14.59%     91.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                  69899      8.98%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                    778065                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                       923868935                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                     998797                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      1934018                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              1904371                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1778                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                      40864                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       156119                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     1904371                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                         1778                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads            3880809                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           1550783                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                2988                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes               1416                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             1105811                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes             642797                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                       444408                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                     273554                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    170854                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              919714376.129527                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              4154558.870473                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.004497                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.995503                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                           212559                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                19835      1.03%      1.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  1460313     75.50%     76.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                    2365      0.12%     76.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                     5843      0.30%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   1344      0.07%     77.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                  273554     14.14%     91.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 170854      8.83%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   1934108                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  101                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 101                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                 567                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                567                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq                18                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp               18                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          248                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          304                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          270                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          322                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           34                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          162                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          252                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          464                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          254                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          268                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    1372                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           26                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          542                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           11                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          540                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          593                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           81                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          637                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          508                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     2336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                81000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                31996                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy              119000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy              316499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              308495                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy              326998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy              315498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy               10498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy              225000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy              246500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy              362000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy              202500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           33                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes       135168                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           33                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples    461972573                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000668                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   461972367    100.00%    100.00% |         206      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total    461972573                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples      461972573                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.012474                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.001849                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         0.711236                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |   461969120    100.00%    100.00% |        3352      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |          55      0.00%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total        461972573                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    461680653                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   461680653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    461680653                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       291920                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    20.739939                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    18.616757                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    20.275983                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |      288467     98.82%     98.82% |        3352      1.15%     99.97% |          11      0.00%     99.97% |          13      0.00%     99.97% |          55      0.02%     99.99% |          22      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       291920                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits       197395                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses         4834                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       202229                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits       518911                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses         6196                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses       525107                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits     83787355                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses       231832                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     84019187                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits    374783500                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses        12520                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses    374796020                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles             3                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits       179161                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses         4529                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       183690                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits       476333                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses         5705                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses       482038                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits       431443                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        15152                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       446595                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits      1306555                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        11152                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses      1317707                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       274068                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        17852                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       291920                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     0.005006                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::0        11030                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::2         1045                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2         7261                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         5057                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2277                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         1678                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        16578                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         2351                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          103                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        17641                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0        88240                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        75240                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       522792                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       364104                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        18216                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       120816                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       132624                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        18808                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0          824                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       141128                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized     0.101411                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Request_Control::0       244352                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Data::2         3531                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       238223                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         3851                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Control::2         1502                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        40724                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       484398                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         1261                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          526                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       445827                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0      1954816                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       254232                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     17152056                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       277272                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        12016                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      2932128                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      3875184                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        10088                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         4208                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      3566616                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized     0.004912                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::0        10234                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Data::2         1657                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2         6323                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         4903                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::2         1363                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         2176                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        15572                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         2651                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          672                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        15844                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0        81872                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       119304                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       455256                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       353016                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        10904                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       156672                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       124576                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        21208                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         5376                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       126752                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized     0.012746                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Request_Control::0        26304                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Data::2         1372                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        22261                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         6681                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::2         1063                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         8512                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        48642                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         4012                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          357                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        42113                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       210432                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        98784                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      1602792                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       481032                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         8504                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       612864                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       389136                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        32096                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         2856                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       336904                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     0.121329                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::0       291920                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::1         7605                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::2        15210                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       274068                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2889                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        53350                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       565190                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          520                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        10275                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1           28                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1166                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       529058                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0      2335360                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1        60840                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1095120                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     19732896                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        23112                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      3841200                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      4521520                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4160                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        82200                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1          224                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         9328                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      4232464                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.000653                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::1         1971                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::2         1971                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2           77                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          698                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1056                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1987                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1        15768                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       141912                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2         5544                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         5584                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         8448                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        15896                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.000610                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::1         1842                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::2         1842                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2           65                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          670                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1056                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1854                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1        14736                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       132624                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2         4680                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         5360                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         8448                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1           96                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        14832                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.000611                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::1         1853                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::2         1853                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2           60                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          648                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1056                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1853                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1        14824                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       133416                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2         4320                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         5184                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         8448                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        14824                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.000636                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::1         1939                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::2         1939                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2           58                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          644                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1056                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1939                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1        15512                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       139608                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2         4176                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         5152                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         8448                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        15512                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.000179                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2           28                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2140                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         4224                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2         2016                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        17120                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        33792                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.022555                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Request_Control::0       291920                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Request_Control::1         7605                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::2        15210                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       274068                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        10260                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::2         4547                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        53350                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       565190                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2660                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         4224                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        10275                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1           28                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1658                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       529058                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0      2335360                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1        60840                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1095120                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     19732896                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       738720                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        36376                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      3841200                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      4521520                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        21280                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        33792                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        82200                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1          224                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        13264                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      4232464                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control       898575                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data        45630                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data       822204                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data        30780                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control        13641                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data       160050                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control      1716222                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Forwarded_Control        30909                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Invalidate_Control         4482                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Unblock_Control      1587174                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control      7188600                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data      3285360                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.ResponseL2hit_Data     59198688                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.ResponseLocal_Data      2216160                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control       109128                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data     11523600                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control     13729776                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Forwarded_Control       247272                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Invalidate_Control        35856                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Unblock_Control     12697392                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     0.006055                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2         1045                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2         7261                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         2715                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2161                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         8289                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         2351                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          103                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        75240                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       522792                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       195480                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        17288                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        66312                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        18808                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0          824                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     0.003957                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        11030                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         2342                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          116                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         1678                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         8289                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        17641                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0        88240                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       168624                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2          928                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       120816                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        66312                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       141128                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization     0.132021                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2         3531                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       238223                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         2594                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2          976                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       242199                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         1261                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          526                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       254232                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     17152056                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       186768                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         7808                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1937592                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        10088                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         4208                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization     0.070801                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0       244352                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         1257                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          526                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        40724                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       242199                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       445827                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0      1954816                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        90504                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         4208                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      2932128                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1937592                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      3566616                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization     0.005611                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2         1657                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2         6323                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         2253                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2          676                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         7786                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         2651                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          672                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       119304                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       455256                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       162216                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         5408                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        62288                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        21208                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         5376                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004212                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        10234                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         2650                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          687                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         2176                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         7786                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        15844                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0        81872                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       190800                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         5496                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       156672                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        62288                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       126752                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization     0.014375                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2         1372                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        22261                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         2670                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2          706                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        24321                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         4012                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          357                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        98784                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      1602792                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       192240                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         5648                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       194568                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        32096                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         2856                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization     0.011117                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        26304                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         4011                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          357                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         8512                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        24321                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        42113                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       210432                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       288792                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         2856                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       612864                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       194568                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       336904                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     0.088722                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::0       291920                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2         7605                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2           28                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        53090                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       282595                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          260                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1           28                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       521425                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0      2335360                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       547560                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2          224                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      3822480                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2260760                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         2080                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1          224                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      4171400                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     0.153935                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1         7605                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2         7605                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       274068                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2861                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          260                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       282595                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          260                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        10275                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1166                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         7633                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1        60840                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       547560                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     19732896                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        22888                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        18720                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2260760                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         2080                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        82200                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         9328                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        61064                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000313                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1         1971                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2           77                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          621                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1987                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1        15768                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2         5544                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4968                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         4224                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        15896                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000992                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2         1971                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           77                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       141912                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          616                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         4224                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000292                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1         1842                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2           65                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          605                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1854                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1        14736                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2         4680                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4840                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         4224                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        14832                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000928                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2         1842                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           65                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       132624                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          520                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         4224                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1           96                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000290                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1         1853                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2           60                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          588                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1853                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1        14824                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2         4320                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4704                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         4224                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        14824                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000933                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2         1853                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           60                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       133416                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          480                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         4224                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000298                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1         1939                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2           58                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          586                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1939                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1        15512                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2         4176                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4688                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         4224                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        15512                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000974                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2         1939                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           58                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       139608                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          464                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         4224                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000128                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2           28                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         2112                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2         2016                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        16896                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000230                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2140                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         2112                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        17120                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        16896                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.006055                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2         1045                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2         7261                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         2715                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2161                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         8289                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         2351                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          103                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        75240                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       522792                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       195480                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        17288                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        66312                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        18808                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0          824                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.132021                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2         3531                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       238223                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         2594                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          976                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       242199                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         1261                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          526                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       254232                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     17152056                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       186768                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         7808                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1937592                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        10088                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         4208                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.link_utilization     0.005611                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::2         1657                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2         6323                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         2253                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::2          676                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         7786                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         2651                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          672                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       119304                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       455256                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       162216                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         5408                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        62288                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        21208                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         5376                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.link_utilization     0.014375                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::2         1372                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        22261                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         2670                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::2          706                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        24321                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         4012                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          357                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        98784                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      1602792                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       192240                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         5648                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       194568                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        32096                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         2856                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.link_utilization     0.088722                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::0       291920                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::2         7605                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::2           28                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        53090                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       282595                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          260                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1           28                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       521425                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0      2335360                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       547560                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2          224                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      3822480                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2260760                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         2080                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1          224                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      4171400                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.link_utilization     0.000313                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::1         1971                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2           77                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          621                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1987                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1        15768                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2         5544                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4968                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         4224                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        15896                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.link_utilization     0.000292                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Request_Control::1         1842                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2           65                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          605                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1854                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1        14736                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2         4680                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4840                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         4224                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        14832                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.link_utilization     0.000290                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Request_Control::1         1853                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2           60                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          588                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1853                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1        14824                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2         4320                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4704                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         4224                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        14824                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.link_utilization     0.000298                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Request_Control::1         1939                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2           58                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          586                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1939                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1        15512                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2         4176                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4688                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         4224                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        15512                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.link_utilization     0.000128                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2           28                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         2112                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2         2016                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        16896                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle10.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples     63335464                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.062083                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.009823                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      1.400916                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |    63333668    100.00%    100.00% |        1754      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total      63335464                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     63121781                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    63121781    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     63121781                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       213683                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    19.401309                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    18.124101                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    15.628111                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      211887     99.16%     99.16% |        1754      0.82%     99.98% |           5      0.00%     99.98% |           7      0.00%     99.99% |          22      0.01%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       213683                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     21460285                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.045878                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.005574                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      1.728859                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    21459567    100.00%    100.00% |         679      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      21460285                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     21421131                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    21421131    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     21421131                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        39154                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    26.145579                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    21.040302                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    31.735189                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |       38436     98.17%     98.17% |         679      1.73%     99.90% |           5      0.01%     99.91% |           2      0.01%     99.92% |          21      0.05%     99.97% |          11      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        39154                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples    377120872                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.001999                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000276                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.324708                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |   377120048    100.00%    100.00% |         807      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total    377120872                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    377085299                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   377085299    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    377085299                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        35573                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    22.189723                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    18.721565                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    25.861415                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       34749     97.68%     97.68% |         807      2.27%     99.95% |           1      0.00%     99.96% |           2      0.01%     99.96% |          11      0.03%     99.99% |           3      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        35573                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples        32480                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.628356                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.238208                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     8.691221                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |       32411     99.79%     99.79% |          18      0.06%     99.84% |          49      0.15%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total        32480                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples        30214                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       30214    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total        30214                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         2266                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    24.340247                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    21.382998                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    24.003832                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        2197     96.95%     96.95% |          18      0.79%     97.75% |          49      2.16%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |           1      0.04%     99.96% |           1      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         2266                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples        11736                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     4.341428                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.413709                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    14.874945                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |       11637     99.16%     99.16% |          35      0.30%     99.45% |          63      0.54%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total        11736                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples        10492                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       10492    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total        10492                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1244                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    32.523312                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    26.212457                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    34.638465                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        1145     92.04%     92.04% |          35      2.81%     94.86% |          63      5.06%     99.92% |           0      0.00%     99.92% |           0      0.00%     99.92% |           0      0.00%     99.92% |           0      0.00%     99.92% |           0      0.00%     99.92% |           1      0.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         1244                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples        11736                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       11736    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total        11736                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples        11736                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       11736    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total        11736                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |         758     26.07%     26.07% |         716     24.62%     50.69% |         707     24.31%     75.00% |         727     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total         2908                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS    |        1213     25.82%     25.82% |        1126     23.97%     49.80% |        1146     24.40%     74.20% |        1212     25.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS::total         4697                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX    |          77     29.62%     29.62% |          65     25.00%     54.62% |          60     23.08%     77.69% |          58     22.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX::total          260                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Unblock |        1146     25.59%     25.59% |        1070     23.89%     49.49% |        1106     24.70%     74.18% |        1156     25.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Unblock::total         4478                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Last_Unblock |          67     30.59%     30.59% |          56     25.57%     56.16% |          40     18.26%     74.43% |          56     25.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Last_Unblock::total          219                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |        1286     25.62%     25.62% |        1244     24.78%     50.40% |        1235     24.60%     75.00% |        1255     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total         5020                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Dirty_Writeback |          77     29.62%     29.62% |          65     25.00%     54.62% |          60     23.08%     77.69% |          58     22.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Dirty_Writeback::total          260                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |        1971     25.92%     25.92% |        1842     24.22%     50.14% |        1853     24.37%     74.50% |        1939     25.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total         7605                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |         605     25.51%     25.51% |         593     25.00%     50.51% |         588     24.79%     75.30% |         586     24.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total         2372                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          16     57.14%     57.14% |          12     42.86%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           28                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |         528     25.00%     25.00% |         528     25.00%     50.00% |         528     25.00%     75.00% |         528     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         2112                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_ACK |          16     57.14%     57.14% |          12     42.86%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_ACK::total           28                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX  |         555     25.10%     25.10% |         550     24.88%     49.98% |         549     24.83%     74.81% |         557     25.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX::total         2211                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETS  |        1146     25.59%     25.59% |        1070     23.89%     49.49% |        1106     24.70%     74.18% |        1156     25.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETS::total         4478                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Memory_Ack |          77     29.62%     29.62% |          65     25.00%     54.62% |          60     23.08%     77.69% |          58     22.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Memory_Ack::total          260                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |         528     25.00%     25.00% |         528     25.00%     50.00% |         528     25.00%     75.00% |         528     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total         2112                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETX  |         203     29.12%     29.12% |         166     23.82%     52.94% |         158     22.67%     75.61% |         170     24.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETX::total          697                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETS  |          67     30.59%     30.59% |          56     25.57%     56.16% |          40     18.26%     74.43% |          56     25.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETS::total          219                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX  |          77     29.62%     29.62% |          65     25.00%     54.62% |          60     23.08%     77.69% |          58     22.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX::total          260                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          16     57.14%     57.14% |          12     42.86%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           28                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Unblock |        1146     25.59%     25.59% |        1070     23.89%     49.49% |        1106     24.70%     74.18% |        1156     25.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Unblock::total         4478                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Memory_Data |        1146     25.59%     25.59% |        1070     23.89%     49.49% |        1106     24.70%     74.18% |        1156     25.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Memory_Data::total         4478                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Last_Unblock |          67     30.59%     30.59% |          56     25.57%     56.16% |          40     18.26%     74.43% |          56     25.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Last_Unblock::total          219                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Memory_Data |          67     30.59%     30.59% |          56     25.57%     56.16% |          40     18.26%     74.43% |          56     25.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Memory_Data::total          219                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock |         758     26.07%     26.07% |         716     24.62%     50.69% |         707     24.31%     75.00% |         727     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock::total         2908                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Data |         758     26.07%     26.07% |         716     24.62%     50.69% |         707     24.31%     75.00% |         727     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Data::total         2908                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Dirty_Writeback |          77     29.62%     29.62% |          65     25.00%     54.62% |          60     23.08%     77.69% |          58     22.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Dirty_Writeback::total          260                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Exclusive_Unblock |         528     25.00%     25.00% |         528     25.00%     50.00% |         528     25.00%     75.00% |         528     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Exclusive_Unblock::total         2112                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Memory_Ack |         528     25.00%     25.00% |         528     25.00%     50.00% |         528     25.00%     75.00% |         528     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Memory_Ack::total         2112                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MD.DMA_ACK |          16     57.14%     57.14% |          12     42.86%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MD.DMA_ACK::total           28                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          28    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           28                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        2112    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         2112                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          28    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             28                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.DMA_Ack       |        2112    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.DMA_Ack::total         2112                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.All_Acks      |        2112    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.All_Acks::total         2112                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          28    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           28                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        2112    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         2112                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          28    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           28                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.DMA_Ack |        2112    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.DMA_Ack::total         2112                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.All_Acks |        2112    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.All_Acks::total         2112                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |      113822      0.18%      0.18% |    62854185     99.24%     99.42% |      105853      0.17%     99.59% |      261608      0.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     63335468                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |      525107      0.14%      0.14% |   374796020     99.38%     99.52% |      482038      0.13%     99.65% |     1317707      0.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    377120872                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |       88408      0.41%      0.41% |    21165004     98.37%     98.78% |       77837      0.36%     99.14% |      184988      0.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     21516237                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |        8969      3.13%      3.13% |      243707     85.04%     88.17% |        8700      3.04%     91.21% |       25199      8.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total       286575                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Own_GETX  |           9     60.00%     60.00% |           4     26.67%     86.67% |           1      6.67%     93.33% |           1      6.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Own_GETX::total           15                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |         560     19.66%     19.66% |         379     13.30%     32.96% |         713     25.03%     57.99% |        1197     42.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         2849                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        1783     24.03%     24.03% |         887     11.95%     35.98% |        1931     26.02%     62.01% |        2819     37.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total         7420                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_DMA   |          13     46.43%     46.43% |           0      0.00%     46.43% |          15     53.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_DMA::total           28                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |         103      6.21%      6.21% |         526     31.72%     37.94% |         672     40.53%     78.47% |         357     21.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total         1658                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |        2161     47.82%     47.82% |         976     21.60%     69.42% |         676     14.96%     84.38% |         706     15.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total         4519                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |        8047      3.38%      3.38% |      205490     86.43%     89.82% |        7806      3.28%     93.10% |       16405      6.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total       237748                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data |        2974      5.49%      5.49% |       38858     71.75%     77.24% |        2427      4.48%     81.72% |        9898     18.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total        54157                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |        6611      2.88%      2.88% |      201475     87.79%     90.67% |        5610      2.44%     93.11% |       15809      6.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total       229505                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack_Data |        1678      3.16%      3.16% |       40724     76.71%     79.87% |        2176      4.10%     83.97% |        8512     16.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack_Data::total        53090                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks  |        1918      4.50%      4.50% |       34174     80.10%     84.60% |        1231      2.89%     87.48% |        5341     12.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks::total        42664                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_Timeout |        2983      5.51%      5.51% |       38862     71.74%     77.24% |        2428      4.48%     81.73% |        9899     18.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_Timeout::total        54172                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        2916      1.36%      1.36% |      197658     92.50%     93.87% |        3298      1.54%     95.41% |        9811      4.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total       213683                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        6196     17.42%     17.42% |       12520     35.20%     52.61% |        5705     16.04%     68.65% |       11152     31.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total        35573                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |        1233      3.01%      3.01% |       33753     82.51%     85.52% |         800      1.96%     87.48% |        5122     12.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total        40908                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         680     17.09%     17.09% |        1508     37.89%     54.97% |         914     22.96%     77.94% |         878     22.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total         3980                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       26121      0.07%      0.07% |    36709133     99.67%     99.75% |       28528      0.08%     99.82% |       65232      0.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total     36829014                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |      518911      0.14%      0.14% |   374783500     99.39%     99.53% |      476333      0.13%     99.65% |     1306555      0.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total    377085299                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |         676     38.83%     38.83% |         417     23.95%     62.78% |         430     24.70%     87.48% |         218     12.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total         1741                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |        7090      3.03%      3.03% |      204157     87.28%     90.31% |        6478      2.77%     93.08% |       16188      6.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       233913                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Fwd_GETS |         159     20.28%     20.28% |         168     21.43%     41.71% |         374     47.70%     89.41% |          83     10.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Fwd_GETS::total          784                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |         103      6.21%      6.21% |         526     31.72%     37.94% |         672     40.53%     78.47% |         357     21.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         1658                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load    |         614     19.80%     19.80% |         134      4.32%     24.12% |         757     24.41%     48.53% |        1596     51.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load::total         3101                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store   |           9     60.00%     60.00% |           4     26.67%     86.67% |           1      6.67%     93.33% |           1      6.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store::total           15                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_Replacement |          22      7.94%      7.94% |          46     16.61%     24.55% |          82     29.60%     54.15% |         127     45.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_Replacement::total          277                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETX |         311     16.72%     16.72% |         122      6.56%     23.28% |         470     25.27%     48.55% |         957     51.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETX::total         1860                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETS |         175      9.02%      9.02% |          54      2.78%     11.80% |         560     28.87%     40.67% |        1151     59.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETS::total         1940                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |        3614      0.21%      0.21% |     1655910     98.23%     98.44% |        1389      0.08%     98.52% |       24899      1.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      1685812                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |         288     10.11%     10.11% |        1380     48.42%     58.53% |         101      3.54%     62.07% |        1081     37.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total         2850                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |         170      3.99%      3.99% |        1813     42.52%     46.51% |         462     10.83%     57.34% |        1819     42.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total         4264                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |          69     17.60%     17.60% |          37      9.44%     27.04% |         132     33.67%     60.71% |         154     39.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total          392                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |         397     17.68%     17.68% |         141      6.28%     23.95% |         527     23.46%     47.42% |        1181     52.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total         2246                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load  |         605      9.64%      9.64% |        1687     26.88%     36.52% |         813     12.95%     49.47% |        3171     50.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load::total         6276                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store |          93      5.33%      5.33% |        1239     71.00%     76.33% |          39      2.23%     78.57% |         374     21.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store::total         1745                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETX::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETS |           7     43.75%     43.75% |           6     37.50%     81.25% |           3     18.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETS::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_Timeout |         972      9.96%      9.96% |        3449     35.33%     45.28% |        1158     11.86%     57.14% |        4184     42.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_Timeout::total         9763                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |       79716      0.32%      0.32% |    24288257     98.75%     99.07% |       70960      0.29%     99.36% |      156554      0.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total     24595487                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |       80225      0.37%      0.37% |    21093529     98.58%     98.95% |       73704      0.34%     99.30% |      150209      0.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total     21397667                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement |        1007      2.28%      2.28% |       36183     81.97%     84.25% |         764      1.73%     85.98% |        6187     14.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement::total        44141                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX |         180     30.30%     30.30% |         217     36.53%     66.84% |         111     18.69%     85.52% |          86     14.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX::total          594                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS |        1038     42.96%     42.96% |         518     21.44%     64.40% |         461     19.08%     83.49% |         399     16.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS::total         2416                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_DMA |          13     46.43%     46.43% |           0      0.00%     46.43% |          15     53.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_DMA::total           28                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load |         235     11.24%     11.24% |        1404     67.14%     78.38% |         108      5.16%     83.55% |         344     16.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load::total         2091                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store |        5884      8.25%      8.25% |       34682     48.63%     56.89% |        2762      3.87%     60.76% |       27983     39.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store::total        71311                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETS |           7     38.89%     38.89% |           0      0.00%     38.89% |           6     33.33%     72.22% |           5     27.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETS::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_Timeout |        2011      4.53%      4.53% |       35413     79.74%     84.27% |        1270      2.86%     87.13% |        5715     12.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_Timeout::total        44409                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |         892     40.66%     40.66% |         509     23.20%     63.86% |         311     14.18%     78.03% |         482     21.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total         2194                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data |        1233      3.01%      3.01% |       33753     82.51%     85.52% |         800      1.96%     87.48% |        5122     12.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data::total        40908                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        1220     59.51%     59.51% |         353     17.22%     76.73% |         318     15.51%     92.24% |         159      7.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total         2050                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Exclusive_Data |         676     38.83%     38.83% |         417     23.95%     62.78% |         430     24.70%     87.48% |         218     12.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Exclusive_Data::total         1741                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Own_GETX |           9     60.00%     60.00% |           4     26.67%     86.67% |           1      6.67%     93.33% |           1      6.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Own_GETX::total           15                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack    |          49     17.82%     17.82% |         114     41.45%     59.27% |          47     17.09%     76.36% |          65     23.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack::total          275                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks |        1918      4.50%      4.50% |       34174     80.10%     84.60% |        1231      2.89%     87.48% |        5341     12.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks::total        42664                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |        8047      3.38%      3.38% |      205490     86.43%     89.82% |        7806      3.28%     93.10% |       16405      6.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total       237748                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data |        1065      9.25%      9.25% |        4688     40.74%     49.99% |        1197     10.40%     60.39% |        4558     39.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data::total        11508                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Load   |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           2     66.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Load::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack |        6611      2.88%      2.88% |      201475     87.79%     90.67% |        5610      2.44%     93.11% |       15809      6.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack::total       229505                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack_Data |         479     10.87%     10.87% |        2682     60.84%     71.71% |         868     19.69%     91.40% |         379      8.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total         4408                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack_Data |          22      7.94%      7.94% |          46     16.61%     24.55% |          82     29.60%     54.15% |         127     45.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total          277                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack_Data |        1177      2.43%      2.43% |       37996     78.50%     80.93% |        1226      2.53%     83.46% |        8006     16.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total        48405                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS         249275      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX          42666      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTO            277      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX          48405      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTS_only       210906      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTS          23012      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Fwd_DMA             28      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.All_Acks          2908      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Data              7605      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_WBCLEANDATA         4408      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_WBDIRTYDATA        48682      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack          260      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock         467253      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock        54172      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.DmaAck              28      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement          683      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS         4697      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX         2223      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_GETS          784      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_GETX          484      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_PUTS_only         3758      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_PUTS          650      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_GETS         4662      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_GETX          986      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_PUTX        48405      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.Fwd_DMA           28      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_GETS          603      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_GETX           71      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_PUTO          136      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_GETS         1337      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_GETX         1804      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTO          141      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTS_only          817      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTS          355      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L1_GETS       206043      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L1_GETX          151      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement          399      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_GETS          625      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_GETX           36      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_PUTS_only           69      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_PUTS          605      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_GETS        21413      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_GETX           50      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_PUTS_only       206262      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_PUTS        21397      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L2_Replacement           24      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS         9092      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX        36859      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement          260      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA          136      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.Unblock          817      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA          141      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.Unblock          355      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSW.L1_PUTS            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSW.Unblock        21397      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILSW.L1_PUTS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILSW.L1_WBCLEANDATA          650      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IW.L1_WBCLEANDATA         3758      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SW.Unblock       206262      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OXW.Unblock           69      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXW.L1_PUTS            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXW.Unblock          605      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA        48405      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLS.Unblock          784      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOX.Unblock          603      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOX.Exclusive_Unblock           36      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.L1_GETS           12      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.L1_GETX            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.Unblock         2246      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.Exclusive_Unblock         3473      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOSX.Unblock         1337      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.L1_GETS            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.Exclusive_Unblock         1804      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.Data          4697      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.Unblock         4697      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGM.Data          2374      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMLS.Data          534      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.All_Acks         2908      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.Exclusive_Unblock         2908      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock        36859      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.Unblock       206043      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OO.L1_GETS            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OO.Exclusive_Unblock         9092      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXS.Unblock          625      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.Unblock        21413      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack          260      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXD.DmaAck           28      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.498813                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                498812895500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               52406018215001                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 140034                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   253299                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              242246789                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2102744                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2059.11                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   288346140                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     521569850                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0       825600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            825600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0       237312                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         237312                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0        12900                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              12900                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0         3708                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              3708                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1655130                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total              1655130                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0       475754                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total              475754                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0      2130883                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total             2130883                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      12900                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                      3708                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    12900                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                    3708                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                821888                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   3712                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                 236352                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                 825600                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys              237312                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    58                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0              755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1              635                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2              525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3              784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4              791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5              735                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6              724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             1233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             1016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9              752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10             543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11             440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12             855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13             956                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14             910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            1188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0              314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1              227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2               68                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3              191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4              227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5              192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6              271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7              444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8              401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9              217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10              52                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11              55                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12             181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13             211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14             157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15             485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 498812802000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                12900                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                3708                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  12676                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                    166                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                   194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                   203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                   207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                   212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                   205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                   209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                   207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                   206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                   205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                   205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                   204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                   204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                   207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                   204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                   204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                   204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                   204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                   204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples         7282                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   145.340291                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   104.366103                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   165.835928                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127         4300     59.05%     59.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1903     26.13%     85.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383          474      6.51%     91.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511          209      2.87%     94.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          124      1.70%     96.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          107      1.47%     97.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895           67      0.92%     98.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           47      0.65%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           51      0.70%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total         7282                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples          204                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     83.029412                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   320.657221                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-255          197     96.57%     96.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            5      2.45%     99.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            1      0.49%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            1      0.49%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total          204                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples          204                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     18.102941                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.083022                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.878978                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16              11      5.39%      5.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18             168     82.35%     87.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19              14      6.86%     94.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20               9      4.41%     99.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      0.49%     99.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::25               1      0.49%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total          204                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                   128044250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat              368831750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                  64210000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                     9970.74                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               28720.74                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        1.65                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.47                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     1.66                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.48                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     26.65                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                    7648                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                   1606                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                59.55                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               43.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                  30034489.52                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   55.92                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                31275720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                17065125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy               64311000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy              12532320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy         32803137120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy         16371984600                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        286975976250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          336276282135                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           669.567707                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 475712180250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  16656640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   6444542250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                35418600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                19325625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy               67953600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy              11398320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy         32803137120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy         16523665875                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        286842930750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          336303829890                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           669.622539                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 475441304250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  16656640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   6720375750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1       810496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total            810496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1       234816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         234816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1        12664                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              12664                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1         3669                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total              3669                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1624850                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total              1624850                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1       470750                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total              470750                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1      2095599                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total             2095599                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      12664                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                      3669                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    12664                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                    3669                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                807168                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   3328                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                 233920                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                 810496                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys              234816                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    52                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0              756                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1              646                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2              560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3              784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4              782                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5              726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6              681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             1185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8              977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9              751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10             525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11             411                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12             852                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13             950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14             883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            1143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0              302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1              231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2               76                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3              186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4              226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5              186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6              256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7              408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8              392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9              204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10              54                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11              57                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12             228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13             220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14             156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15             473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 498811694500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                12664                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                3669                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  12450                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                    162                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                   192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                   205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                   206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                   209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                   206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                   204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                   202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                   203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                   202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                   204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                   203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                   203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                   204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                   204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                   202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                   202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                   202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                   202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples         7038                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   147.932935                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   105.717878                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   168.415195                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127         4110     58.40%     58.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1817     25.82%     84.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383          513      7.29%     91.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511          200      2.84%     94.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          132      1.88%     96.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767           97      1.38%     97.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895           69      0.98%     98.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           44      0.63%     99.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           56      0.80%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total         7038                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples          202                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     82.400990                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   316.073143                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-255          193     95.54%     95.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            7      3.47%     99.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            1      0.50%     99.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            1      0.50%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total          202                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples          202                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     18.094059                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.079588                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.730341                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16               9      4.46%      4.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17               2      0.99%      5.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18             164     81.19%     86.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19              18      8.91%     95.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20               7      3.47%     99.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21               1      0.50%     99.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      0.50%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total          202                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   118536000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              355011000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                  63060000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                     9398.67                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               28148.67                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        1.62                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.47                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     1.62                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.47                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     20.44                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                    7595                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                   1635                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                60.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               44.56                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                  30540114.77                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   56.69                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                30247560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                16504125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy               63382800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy              12124080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy         32803137120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy         16241600520                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        287090356500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          336257352705                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           669.529998                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 475872540500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  16656640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   6283871750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                34617240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                18888375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy               66573000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy              11560320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy         32803137120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy         16506064845                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        286858370250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          336299211150                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           669.613343                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 475516645000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  16656640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   6645035000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2       796096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total            796096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2       228096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total         228096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2        12439                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total              12439                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2         3564                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total              3564                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      1595981                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total              1595981                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2       457278                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total              457278                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2      2053259                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total             2053259                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                      12439                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                      3564                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                    12439                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                    3564                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                793536                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   2560                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                 226624                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                 796096                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys              228096                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    40                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0              738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1              623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2              519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3              766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4              792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5              672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6              688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7             1202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8              940                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9              762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10             508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11             417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12             838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13             933                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14             890                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15            1111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0              295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1              218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2               68                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3              200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4              231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5              166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6              268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7              408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8              367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9              209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10              42                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11              52                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12             214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13             200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14             150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15             453                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 498818783000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                12439                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6                3564                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                  12249                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                    150                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                   183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                   195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                   202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                   205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                   199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                   201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                   197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                   198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                   199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                   199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                   197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                   196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                   198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                   196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                   196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                   196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                   196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                   196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples         6823                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   149.517807                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   106.539019                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   170.273463                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3952     57.92%     57.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1794     26.29%     84.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383          483      7.08%     91.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511          206      3.02%     94.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639          125      1.83%     96.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767           90      1.32%     97.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895           73      1.07%     98.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           46      0.67%     99.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           54      0.79%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total         6823                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples          196                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     83.607143                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   320.011897                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-255          189     96.43%     96.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            4      2.04%     98.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            1      0.51%     98.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            1      0.51%     99.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1      0.51%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total          196                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples          196                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     18.066327                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.050618                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.751538                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16              12      6.12%      6.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::17               2      1.02%      7.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18             154     78.57%     85.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::19              17      8.67%     94.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::20              11      5.61%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total          196                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   117379000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              349860250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                  61995000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                     9466.81                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               28216.81                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        1.59                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.45                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     1.60                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.46                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     22.21                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                    7522                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                   1595                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                60.67                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               44.75                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                  31170329.50                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   57.11                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                29393280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                16038000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy               62517000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy              12013920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy         32803137120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy         16279942140                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy        287056723500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          336259764960                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           669.534801                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 475847041750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF  16656640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   6314638250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                33657120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                18364500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy               65621400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy              10931760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy         32803137120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy         16406788230                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy        286945455000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          336283955130                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           669.582966                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 475652250750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF  16656640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   6509429250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3       810944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total            810944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3       227840                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total         227840                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3        12671                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total              12671                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3         3560                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total              3560                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      1625748                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total              1625748                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3       456764                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total              456764                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3      2082512                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total             2082512                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                      12671                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                      3560                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                    12671                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                    3560                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                808640                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                   2304                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                 226880                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                 810944                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys              227840                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    36                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0              752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1              638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2              519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3              782                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4              778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5              700                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6              695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7             1194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8              996                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9              753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10             530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11             427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12             873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13             959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14             902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15            1137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0              306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1              231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2               65                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3              193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4              209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5              188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6              252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7              402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8              379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9              195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10              42                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11              58                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12             213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13             209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14             147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15             456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 498808808000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                12671                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6                3560                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                  12479                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                    155                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                   186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                   195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                   202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                   206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                   199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                   199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                   196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                   196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                   198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                   197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                   197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                   196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                   197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                   196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                   196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                   196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                   196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                   196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples         7020                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   147.528205                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   105.379607                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   168.501388                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127         4099     58.39%     58.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1846     26.30%     84.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383          458      6.52%     91.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511          219      3.12%     94.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639          126      1.79%     96.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767          105      1.50%     97.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895           69      0.98%     98.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           47      0.67%     99.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           51      0.73%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total         7020                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples          196                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     85.020408                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   323.731037                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-255          189     96.43%     96.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            5      2.55%     98.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279            1      0.51%     99.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            1      0.51%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total          196                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples          196                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     18.086735                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.070596                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.782912                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16               9      4.59%      4.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::17               2      1.02%      5.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18             161     82.14%     87.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::19              15      7.65%     95.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::20               8      4.08%     99.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::24               1      0.51%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total          196                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   120173000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              357079250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                  63175000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                     9511.12                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               28261.12                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        1.62                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.45                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     1.63                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.46                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     19.43                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                    7603                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                   1558                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                60.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               43.76                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                  30731859.28                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   56.57                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                30202200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                16479375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy               63211200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy              11962080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy         32803137120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy         16293106575                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy        287045175750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          336263274300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           669.541788                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 475824343750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF  16656640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   6332544500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                34556760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                18855375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy               66994200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy              11009520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy         32803137120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy         16383145770                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy        286966194000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          336283892745                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           669.582842                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 475654423500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF  16656640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   6507256500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      1002484349                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1405617                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2715423                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              2671585                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  3495                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                      67113                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       199390                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     2671585                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         3495                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads            5470314                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           2146613                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                5683                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes               2799                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             1461019                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes             889115                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                       668816                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     403396                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    265420                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              995599603.960290                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              6884745.039710                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.006868                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.993132                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           288721                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                22338      0.82%      0.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  2014502     74.18%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    3093      0.11%     75.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                     4322      0.16%     75.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                   2581      0.10%     75.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     75.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  403396     14.85%     90.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 265420      9.77%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                   2715652                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                       994175652                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  266244230                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                    480135810                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            270487822                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses             270609971                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                    9889193                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     15063982                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   270487822                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                    270609971                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          514465822                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         176794585                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads           446710990                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes          249463015                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           107365110                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           83244407                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     84276000                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   63017575                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  21258425                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              72678640.571981                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              921497011.428019                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.926896                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.073104                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         27146742                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                18888      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                245462117     51.12%     51.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                    3278      0.00%     51.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                     2112      0.00%     51.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd              150373634     31.32%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                63017575     13.12%     95.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               21258425      4.43%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                 480136029                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                       997505568                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    3050177                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      5784378                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              5720394                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                 16260                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     109697                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       461310                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     5720394                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                        16260                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           11316802                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           4582021                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads               26363                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes              12860                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             3114811                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            2012658                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      1275846                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     739356                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    536490                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              983419385.719962                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              14086182.280038                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.014121                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.985879                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           642093                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                30024      0.52%      0.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  4454104     77.00%     77.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    4588      0.08%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                     7935      0.14%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                  12149      0.21%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                     48      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  739356     12.78%     90.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 536490      9.27%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   5784694                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                       996283170                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   16328893                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     30509665                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             30093257                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                330046                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     658746                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts      2461404                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    30093257                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                       330046                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           58656528                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes          24399246                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads              499491                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes             255399                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads            15985203                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes           10187912                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      6640181                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    3916253                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                   2723928                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              935093412.156057                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              61189757.843942                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.061418                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.938582                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                          3395832                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass               156027      0.51%      0.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                 23258773     76.23%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   92851      0.30%     77.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                   148466      0.49%     77.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                 213581      0.70%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                     32      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 3916253     12.84%     91.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                2723928      8.93%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  30509911                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1133                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1133                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1112                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1112                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq                69                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp               69                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           72                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           56                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          704                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          296                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1106                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           58                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          334                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          952                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          114                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           54                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          580                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          324                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1088                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           60                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          946                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          364                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1410                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    4628                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           36                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           36                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           36                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           36                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           26                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1090                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          116                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          265                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          668                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           24                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1091                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           66                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          108                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          290                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          473                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           24                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1383                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4852                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy               161500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy               197482                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             1773500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy              398497                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              409492                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy              434488                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy              453485                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy               51496                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy              912000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy              782500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy              866000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             1180000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           35                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes       143360                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           35                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples    957921613                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000001                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000001                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.001217                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   957920195    100.00%    100.00% |        1418      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total    957921613                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples      957921613                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.021197                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.002563                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         1.208379                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |   957897906    100.00%    100.00% |       22803      0.00%    100.00% |         143      0.00%    100.00% |         162      0.00%    100.00% |         429      0.00%    100.00% |         169      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total        957921613                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    957107715                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   957107715    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    957107715                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       813898                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    25.947665                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    20.342743                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    33.116641                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |      790191     97.09%     97.09% |       22803      2.80%     99.89% |         143      0.02%     99.91% |         162      0.02%     99.93% |         429      0.05%     99.98% |         169      0.02%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       813898                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits       646979                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        26277                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       673256                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits      1838421                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses        17679                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses      1856100                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles             2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits     84037790                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses       243542                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     84281332                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits    375463333                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses        18780                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses    375482113                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles             3                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1242308                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses        44066                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1286374                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits      4000212                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        32051                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4032263                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles             6                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits      6598047                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        52236                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      6650283                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits     21599972                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        87347                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses     21687319                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles             7                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       452837                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        69141                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       521978                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     0.019580                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::0        43956                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::2         7996                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        31457                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         8637                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::2         3594                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        16954                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        77988                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         4166                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          242                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        65996                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       351648                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       575712                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      2264904                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       621864                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        28752                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      1220688                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       623904                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        33328                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1936                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       527968                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized     0.102275                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Request_Control::0       262322                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Data::2         6186                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       252150                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         7100                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2154                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        48170                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       517570                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         3172                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          698                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       472937                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0      2098576                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       445392                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     18154800                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       511200                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        17232                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      3468240                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      4140560                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        25376                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         5584                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      3783496                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized     0.033271                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::0        76117                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Data::2        17636                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        53347                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         9051                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::2         3333                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        30227                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       136584                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         3933                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1171                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       114182                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       608936                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1269792                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3840984                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       651672                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        26664                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      2176344                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1092672                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        31464                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         9368                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       913456                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized     0.057974                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Request_Control::0       139583                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Data::2        18856                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       115883                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        11974                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2435                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        37899                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       266830                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         7226                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          774                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       235099                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0      1116664                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1357632                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      8343576                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       862128                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        19480                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      2728728                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2134640                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        57808                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         6192                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      1880792                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     0.222000                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::0       521978                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::1        50674                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::2       101348                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       452837                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::2         5746                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       145511                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       998972                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        24522                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        18497                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1           30                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         2321                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       938918                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0      4175824                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       405392                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      7297056                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     32604264                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        45968                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     10476792                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      7991776                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       196176                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       147976                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1          240                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        18568                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      7511344                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.004467                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::1        12900                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::2        12900                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         3148                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6874                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1120                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1           18                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        12918                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       103200                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       928800                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       226656                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        54992                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         8960                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       103344                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.004391                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::1        12664                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::2        12664                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         3109                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6790                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1120                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        12676                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       101312                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       911808                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       223848                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        54320                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         8960                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1           96                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       101408                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.004299                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::1        12439                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::2        12439                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         3004                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6568                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1120                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        12439                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1        99512                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       895608                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       216288                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52544                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         8960                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        99512                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.004362                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::1        12671                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::2        12671                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         3000                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6560                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1120                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        12671                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       101368                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       912312                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       216000                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        52480                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         8960                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       101368                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.000176                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2           30                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2270                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         4480                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2         2160                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        18160                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        35840                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.041164                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Request_Control::0       521978                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Request_Control::1        50674                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::2       101348                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       452837                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        18396                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::2         8631                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       145511                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       998972                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        26792                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         4480                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        18497                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1           30                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         2885                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       938918                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0      4175824                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       405392                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      7297056                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     32604264                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1324512                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        69048                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     10476792                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      7991776                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       214336                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        35840                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       147976                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1          240                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        23080                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      7511344                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control      1717956                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data       304044                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data      1358511                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data        55188                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control        25893                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data       436533                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control      3090732                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Forwarded_Control        55581                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Invalidate_Control         8091                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Unblock_Control      2816754                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control     13743648                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data     21891168                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.ResponseL2hit_Data     97812792                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.ResponseLocal_Data      3973536                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control       207144                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data     31430376                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control     24725856                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Forwarded_Control       444648                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Invalidate_Control        64728                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Unblock_Control     22534032                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     0.022163                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2         7996                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        31457                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         4487                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         3339                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        38994                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         4166                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          242                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       575712                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      2264904                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       323064                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        26712                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       311952                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        33328                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1936                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     0.016997                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        43956                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         4150                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          255                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        16954                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        38994                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        65996                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       351648                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       298800                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         2040                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      1220688                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       311952                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       527968                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization     0.131550                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2         6186                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       252150                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         3957                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         1456                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       258785                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         3172                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          698                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       445392                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     18154800                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       284904                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        11648                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2070280                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        25376                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         5584                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization     0.073001                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0       262322                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         3143                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          698                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        48170                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       258785                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       472937                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0      2098576                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       226296                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         5584                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      3468240                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2070280                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      3783496                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization     0.038117                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        17636                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        53347                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         5126                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2145                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        68292                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         3933                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1171                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1269792                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3840984                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       369072                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        17160                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       546336                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        31464                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         9368                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization     0.028425                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        76117                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         3925                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         1188                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        30227                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        68292                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       114182                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       608936                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       282600                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         9504                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      2176344                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       546336                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       913456                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization     0.070111                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        18856                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       115883                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         4796                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         1661                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       133415                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         7226                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          774                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1357632                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      8343576                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       345312                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        13288                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1067320                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        57808                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         6192                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization     0.045837                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0       139583                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         7178                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          774                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        37899                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       133415                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       235099                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0      1116664                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       516816                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         6192                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      2728728                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1067320                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      1880792                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     0.179291                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::0       521978                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        50674                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2           30                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       133250                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       499486                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        12261                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1           30                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       888214                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0      4175824                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      3648528                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2          240                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      9594000                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      3995888                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        98088                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1          240                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      7105712                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     0.264709                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1        50674                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2        50674                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       452837                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         5716                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        12261                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       499486                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        12261                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        18497                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         2321                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        50704                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       405392                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      3648528                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     32604264                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        45728                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       882792                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      3995888                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        98088                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       147976                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        18568                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       405632                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.002929                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1        12900                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         3148                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3726                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          560                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        12918                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       103200                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       226656                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        29808                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         4480                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       103344                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.006006                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2        12900                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3148                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          560                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1           18                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       928800                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        25184                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         4480                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.002885                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1        12664                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         3109                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3681                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          560                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        12676                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       101312                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       223848                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        29448                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         4480                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       101408                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.005897                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2        12664                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3109                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          560                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       911808                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        24872                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         4480                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1           96                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.002809                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1        12439                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         3004                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3564                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          560                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        12439                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1        99512                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       216288                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        28512                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         4480                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        99512                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.005789                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2        12439                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3004                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          560                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       895608                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        24032                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         4480                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.002830                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1        12671                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         3000                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3560                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          560                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        12671                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       101368                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       216000                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        28480                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         4480                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       101368                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.005894                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2        12671                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3000                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          560                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       912312                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        24000                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         4480                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000126                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2           30                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         2240                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2         2160                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        17920                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000226                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2270                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         2240                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        18160                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        17920                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.022163                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2         7996                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        31457                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         4487                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         3339                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        38994                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         4166                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          242                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       575712                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      2264904                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       323064                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        26712                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       311952                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        33328                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         1936                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.131550                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2         6186                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       252150                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         3957                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         1456                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       258785                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         3172                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          698                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       445392                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     18154800                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       284904                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        11648                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2070280                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        25376                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         5584                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.link_utilization     0.038117                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::2        17636                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        53347                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         5126                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2145                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        68292                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         3933                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1171                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1269792                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3840984                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       369072                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        17160                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       546336                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        31464                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         9368                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.link_utilization     0.070111                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::2        18856                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       115883                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         4796                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::2         1661                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       133415                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         7226                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          774                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1357632                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      8343576                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       345312                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        13288                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1067320                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        57808                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         6192                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.link_utilization     0.179291                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::0       521978                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::2        50674                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::2           30                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       133250                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       499486                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        12261                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1           30                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       888214                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0      4175824                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      3648528                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2          240                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      9594000                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      3995888                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        98088                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1          240                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      7105712                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.link_utilization     0.002929                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::1        12900                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         3148                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3726                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          560                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        12918                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       103200                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       226656                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        29808                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         4480                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       103344                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.link_utilization     0.002885                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Request_Control::1        12664                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         3109                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3681                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          560                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        12676                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       101312                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       223848                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        29448                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         4480                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       101408                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.link_utilization     0.002809                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Request_Control::1        12439                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         3004                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3564                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          560                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        12439                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1        99512                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       216288                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        28512                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         4480                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        99512                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.link_utilization     0.002830                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Request_Control::1        12671                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         3000                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3560                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          560                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        12671                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       101368                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       216000                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        28480                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         4480                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       101368                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.link_utilization     0.000126                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2           30                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         2240                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2         2160                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        17920                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle10.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    131294702                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.081803                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.011161                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      2.107399                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   131283855     99.99%     99.99% |       10487      0.01%    100.00% |          56      0.00%    100.00% |          78      0.00%    100.00% |         168      0.00%    100.00% |          58      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     131294702                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    130801704                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   130801704    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    130801704                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       492998                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    22.785640                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    19.221144                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    26.644456                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      482151     97.80%     97.80% |       10487      2.13%     99.93% |          56      0.01%     99.94% |          78      0.02%     99.95% |         168      0.03%     99.99% |          58      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       492998                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     46193536                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.110756                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.008639                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      3.491677                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    46186234     99.98%     99.98% |        6886      0.01%    100.00% |          70      0.00%    100.00% |          59      0.00%    100.00% |         194      0.00%    100.00% |          92      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      46193536                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     46075392                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    46075392    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     46075392                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       118144                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    44.304924                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    28.885255                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    53.818428                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      110842     93.82%     93.82% |        6886      5.83%     99.65% |          70      0.06%     99.71% |          59      0.05%     99.76% |         194      0.16%     99.92% |          92      0.08%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       118144                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples    780178667                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.005192                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000718                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.527609                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |   780173823    100.00%    100.00% |        4738      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |          61      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total    780178667                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    779987237                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   779987237    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    779987237                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       191430                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    22.161041                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    18.668545                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    26.207521                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      186586     97.47%     97.47% |        4738      2.48%     99.94% |          14      0.01%     99.95% |          15      0.01%     99.96% |          61      0.03%     99.99% |          16      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       191430                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       130764                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.201340                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.145577                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     8.982881                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |      130489     99.79%     99.79% |         267      0.20%     99.99% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       130764                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       125089                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      125089    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       125089                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         5675                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    28.681410                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    22.911100                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    33.563318                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        5400     95.15%     95.15% |         267      4.70%     99.86% |           1      0.02%     99.88% |           6      0.11%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           1      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         5675                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples        61972                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     4.879349                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.366003                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    19.084428                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |       61533     99.29%     99.29% |         425      0.69%     99.98% |           2      0.00%     99.98% |           4      0.01%     99.99% |           6      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total        61972                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples        56321                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       56321    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total        56321                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         5651                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    43.543090                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    30.580030                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    48.473338                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        5212     92.23%     92.23% |         425      7.52%     99.75% |           2      0.04%     99.79% |           4      0.07%     99.86% |           6      0.11%     99.96% |           2      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         5651                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples        61972                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       61972    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total        61972                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples        61972                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       61972    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total        61972                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |        6527     25.21%     25.21% |        6494     25.08%     50.29% |        6436     24.86%     75.15% |        6434     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total        25891                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS    |        6373     25.72%     25.72% |        6170     24.90%     50.61% |        6003     24.22%     74.83% |        6237     25.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS::total        24783                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX    |        3148     25.68%     25.68% |        3109     25.36%     51.04% |        3002     24.49%     75.53% |        3000     24.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX::total        12259                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTO_SHARERS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTO_SHARERS::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Unblock |        5041     25.59%     25.59% |        4893     24.84%     50.42% |        4807     24.40%     74.82% |        4961     25.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Unblock::total        19702                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Last_Unblock |        1332     26.22%     26.22% |        1277     25.13%     51.35% |        1196     23.54%     74.89% |        1276     25.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Last_Unblock::total         5081                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |        7087     25.19%     25.19% |        7054     25.08%     50.27% |        6996     24.87%     75.14% |        6994     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total        28131                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Dirty_Writeback |        3148     25.67%     25.67% |        3109     25.36%     51.03% |        3004     24.50%     75.53% |        3000     24.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Dirty_Writeback::total        12261                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |       12900     25.46%     25.46% |       12664     24.99%     50.45% |       12439     24.55%     75.00% |       12671     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total        50674                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |        3708     25.57%     25.57% |        3669     25.30%     50.87% |        3564     24.58%     75.45% |        3560     24.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total        14501                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          18     60.00%     60.00% |          12     40.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           30                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |         560     25.00%     25.00% |         560     25.00%     50.00% |         560     25.00%     75.00% |         560     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         2240                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_ACK |          18     60.00%     60.00% |          12     40.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_ACK::total           30                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX  |        4006     24.86%     24.86% |        4082     25.33%     50.19% |        4059     25.19%     75.37% |        3969     24.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX::total        16116                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETS  |        5041     25.59%     25.59% |        4893     24.84%     50.42% |        4807     24.40%     74.82% |        4961     25.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETS::total        19702                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Memory_Ack |        3148     25.68%     25.68% |        3109     25.36%     51.04% |        3002     24.49%     75.52% |        3001     24.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Memory_Ack::total        12260                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |         560     25.00%     25.00% |         560     25.00%     50.00% |         560     25.00%     75.00% |         560     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total         2240                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETX  |        2521     25.79%     25.79% |        2412     24.68%     50.47% |        2377     24.32%     74.78% |        2465     25.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETX::total         9775                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETS  |        1332     26.22%     26.22% |        1277     25.13%     51.35% |        1196     23.54%     74.89% |        1276     25.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETS::total         5081                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.Memory_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.Memory_Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX  |        3148     25.68%     25.68% |        3109     25.36%     51.04% |        3002     24.49%     75.53% |        3000     24.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX::total        12259                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTO_SHARERS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTO_SHARERS::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          18     60.00%     60.00% |          12     40.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           30                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Unblock |        5041     25.59%     25.59% |        4893     24.84%     50.42% |        4807     24.40%     74.82% |        4961     25.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Unblock::total        19702                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Memory_Data |        5041     25.59%     25.59% |        4893     24.84%     50.42% |        4807     24.40%     74.82% |        4961     25.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Memory_Data::total        19702                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Last_Unblock |        1332     26.22%     26.22% |        1277     25.13%     51.35% |        1196     23.54%     74.89% |        1276     25.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Last_Unblock::total         5081                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Memory_Data |        1332     26.22%     26.22% |        1277     25.13%     51.35% |        1196     23.54%     74.89% |        1276     25.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Memory_Data::total         5081                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock |        6527     25.21%     25.21% |        6494     25.08%     50.29% |        6436     24.86%     75.15% |        6434     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock::total        25891                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Data |        6527     25.21%     25.21% |        6494     25.08%     50.29% |        6436     24.86%     75.15% |        6434     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Data::total        25891                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Dirty_Writeback |        3148     25.68%     25.68% |        3109     25.36%     51.04% |        3002     24.49%     75.53% |        3000     24.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Dirty_Writeback::total        12259                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MIS.Dirty_Writeback |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MIS.Dirty_Writeback::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Exclusive_Unblock |         560     25.00%     25.00% |         560     25.00%     50.00% |         560     25.00%     75.00% |         560     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Exclusive_Unblock::total         2240                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Memory_Ack |         560     25.01%     25.01% |         560     25.01%     50.02% |         560     25.01%     75.03% |         559     24.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Memory_Ack::total         2239                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MD.DMA_ACK |          18     60.00%     60.00% |          12     40.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MD.DMA_ACK::total           30                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          30    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           30                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        2240    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         2240                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          30    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             30                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.DMA_Ack       |        2240    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.DMA_Ack::total         2240                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.All_Acks      |        2240    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.All_Acks::total         2240                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          30    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           30                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        2240    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         2240                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          30    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           30                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.DMA_Ack |        2240    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.DMA_Ack::total         2240                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.All_Acks |        2240    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.All_Acks::total         2240                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |      382779      0.56%      0.56% |    63004207     92.71%     93.27% |      717428      1.06%     94.33% |     3854858      5.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     67959272                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     1856100      0.46%      0.46% |   375482113     93.16%     93.62% |     4032269      1.00%     94.62% |    21687319      5.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    403057801                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |      290478      1.17%      1.17% |    21277149     85.34%     86.51% |      568951      2.28%     88.79% |     2795429     11.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     24932007                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |       41059      8.07%      8.07% |      260995     51.33%     59.40% |       70209     13.81%     73.21% |      136231     26.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total       508494                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Own_GETX  |          16     15.84%     15.84% |          29     28.71%     44.55% |           8      7.92%     52.48% |          48     47.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Own_GETX::total          101                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |        1085     19.26%     19.26% |        1026     18.21%     37.48% |        1058     18.78%     56.26% |        2464     43.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         5633                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        3088     23.55%     23.55% |        2281     17.39%     40.94% |        2891     22.05%     62.99% |        4853     37.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        13113                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_DMA   |          13     43.33%     43.33% |           0      0.00%     43.33% |          17     56.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_DMA::total           30                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |         242      8.39%      8.39% |         698     24.19%     32.58% |        1171     40.59%     73.17% |         774     26.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total         2885                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |        3339     38.82%     38.82% |        1456     16.93%     55.75% |        2145     24.94%     80.69% |        1661     19.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total         8601                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |       26893      6.76%      6.76% |      215838     54.29%     61.05% |       50516     12.71%     73.76% |      104342     26.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total       397589                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data |       17047     13.72%     13.72% |       46455     37.38%     51.09% |       25593     20.59%     71.68% |       35193     28.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total       124288                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |       22040      6.02%      6.02% |      210615     57.51%     63.53% |       38065     10.39%     73.92% |       95516     26.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total       366236                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack_Data |       16954     12.72%     12.72% |       48170     36.15%     48.87% |       30227     22.68%     71.56% |       37899     28.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack_Data::total       133250                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks  |       10477     12.07%     12.07% |       38844     44.75%     56.82% |       15979     18.41%     75.23% |       21506     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks::total        86806                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_Timeout |       17063     13.72%     13.72% |       46484     37.37%     51.09% |       25601     20.58%     71.67% |       35241     28.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_Timeout::total       124389                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       15800      5.66%      5.66% |      204698     73.29%     78.94% |       28087     10.06%     89.00% |       30730     11.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total       279315                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |       17679     11.34%     11.34% |       18780     12.05%     23.39% |       32051     20.56%     43.96% |       87347     56.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total       155857                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |        9267     11.84%     11.84% |       38085     48.64%     60.48% |       11449     14.62%     75.10% |       19493     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total        78294                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        2065     22.94%     22.94% |        2210     24.55%     47.48% |        1914     21.26%     68.74% |        2814     31.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total         9003                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       95294      0.25%      0.25% |    36750222     98.20%     98.46% |      194293      0.52%     98.98% |      382181      1.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total     37421990                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     1838421      0.46%      0.46% |   375463333     93.19%     93.65% |     4000212      0.99%     94.64% |    21599972      5.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total    402901938                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        1194     14.20%     14.20% |         730      8.68%     22.87% |        4522     53.76%     76.64% |        1965     23.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total         8411                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |       25155      6.52%      6.52% |      214172     55.49%     62.01% |       44880     11.63%     73.63% |      101764     26.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       385971                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Fwd_GETS |         431     24.08%     24.08% |         359     20.06%     44.13% |         589     32.91%     77.04% |         411     22.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Fwd_GETS::total         1790                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |         242      8.39%      8.39% |         698     24.19%     32.58% |        1171     40.59%     73.17% |         774     26.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         2885                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load    |         744     11.30%     11.30% |         398      6.05%     17.35% |         914     13.88%     31.23% |        4527     68.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load::total         6583                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store   |          16     15.84%     15.84% |          29     28.71%     44.55% |           8      7.92%     52.48% |          48     47.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store::total          101                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_Replacement |         105     15.62%     15.62% |         117     17.41%     33.04% |         140     20.83%     53.87% |         310     46.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_Replacement::total          672                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETX |         493     17.97%     17.97% |         318     11.59%     29.57% |         551     20.09%     49.65% |        1381     50.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETX::total         2743                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETS |         278     11.15%     11.15% |         218      8.74%     19.90% |         689     27.64%     47.53% |        1308     52.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETS::total         2493                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |       36456      1.95%      1.95% |     1676275     89.83%     91.78% |       59790      3.20%     94.99% |       93508      5.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      1866029                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |        2382     19.41%     19.41% |        2072     16.88%     36.29% |        3951     32.19%     68.47% |        3870     31.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total        12275                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |        2521     16.71%     16.71% |        3350     22.20%     38.91% |        3839     25.45%     64.36% |        5377     35.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total        15087                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |         162     13.92%     13.92% |         120     10.31%     24.23% |         203     17.44%     41.67% |         679     58.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total         1164                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |         607     17.45%     17.45% |         458     13.16%     30.61% |         653     18.77%     49.38% |        1761     50.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total         3479                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load  |        4611     19.89%     19.89% |        3081     13.29%     33.19% |        6651     28.70%     61.88% |        8834     38.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load::total        23177                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store |         810     14.52%     14.52% |        1608     28.83%     43.35% |        1034     18.54%     61.89% |        2126     38.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store::total         5578                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.L1_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.L1_Replacement::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          12     66.67%     66.67% |           3     16.67%     83.33% |           3     16.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETX::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETS |          14      9.09%      9.09% |          80     51.95%     61.04% |          16     10.39%     71.43% |          44     28.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETS::total          154                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_Timeout |        5776     18.05%     18.05% |        6032     18.85%     36.89% |        8588     26.83%     63.73% |       11609     36.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_Timeout::total        32005                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |      228955      0.81%      0.81% |    24367709     85.94%     86.74% |      426379      1.50%     88.25% |     3332823     11.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total     28355866                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |      223436      0.91%      0.91% |    21173353     86.31%     87.22% |      473800      1.93%     89.15% |     2662103     10.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total     24532692                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement |       11213     11.47%     11.47% |       41146     42.09%     53.56% |       19433     19.88%     73.44% |       25964     26.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement::total        97756                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX |         430     25.18%     25.18% |         576     33.72%     58.90% |         301     17.62%     76.52% |         401     23.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX::total         1708                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS |        1736     34.80%     34.80% |        1094     21.93%     56.72% |         922     18.48%     75.21% |        1237     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS::total         4989                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_DMA |          13     43.33%     43.33% |           0      0.00%     43.33% |          17     56.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_DMA::total           30                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load |         918     14.62%     14.62% |        1800     28.67%     43.29% |        1309     20.85%     64.14% |        2251     35.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load::total         6278                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store |       53373     18.11%     18.11% |       61272     20.79%     38.91% |       74187     25.18%     64.09% |      105824     35.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store::total       294656                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.L1_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.L1_Replacement::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETS |          22     10.58%     10.58% |          72     34.62%     45.19% |          22     10.58%     55.77% |          92     44.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETS::total          208                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_Timeout |       11287     12.22%     12.22% |       40452     43.79%     56.00% |       17013     18.42%     74.42% |       23632     25.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_Timeout::total        92384                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |        1267     29.80%     29.80% |         682     16.04%     45.85% |        1334     31.38%     77.23% |         968     22.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total         4251                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data |        9267     11.84%     11.84% |       38085     48.64%     60.48% |       11449     14.62%     75.10% |       19493     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data::total        78294                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        1464     51.26%     51.26% |         589     20.62%     71.88% |         529     18.52%     90.41% |         274      9.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total         2856                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Exclusive_Data |        1194     14.20%     14.20% |         730      8.68%     22.87% |        4522     53.76%     76.64% |        1965     23.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Exclusive_Data::total         8411                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Own_GETX |          16     15.84%     15.84% |          29     28.71%     44.55% |           8      7.92%     52.48% |          48     47.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Own_GETX::total          101                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack    |         608     40.70%     40.70% |         185     12.38%     53.08% |         282     18.88%     71.95% |         419     28.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack::total         1494                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks |       10477     12.07%     12.07% |       38844     44.75%     56.82% |       15979     18.41%     75.23% |       21506     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks::total        86806                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |       26893      6.76%      6.76% |      215838     54.29%     61.05% |       50516     12.71%     73.76% |      104342     26.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total       397589                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data |        6586     17.52%     17.52% |        7640     20.33%     37.85% |        9622     25.60%     63.45% |       13735     36.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data::total        37583                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Load   |           1      9.09%      9.09% |           4     36.36%     45.45% |           3     27.27%     72.73% |           3     27.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Load::total           11                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Ifetch |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           6    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Ifetch::total            6                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack |       22040      6.02%      6.02% |      210615     57.51%     63.53% |       38065     10.39%     73.92% |       95516     26.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack::total       366236                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack_Data |        3115     15.78%     15.78% |        3557     18.02%     33.81% |        6815     34.53%     68.34% |        6248     31.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total        19735                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack_Data |         105     15.62%     15.62% |         117     17.41%     33.04% |         140     20.83%     53.87% |         310     46.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total          672                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          20     86.96%     86.96% |           2      8.70%     95.65% |           1      4.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack_Data |       13734     12.17%     12.17% |       44496     39.43%     51.60% |       23272     20.62%     72.23% |       31341     27.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total       112843                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS         435318      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX          86813      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTO            672      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX         112843      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTS_only       335623      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTS          50364      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Fwd_DMA             30      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.All_Acks         25891      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Data             50674      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_WBCLEANDATA        19735      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_WBDIRTYDATA       113515      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack        12261      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock         763825      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock       124389      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.DmaAck              30      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement        23288      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS        24783      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX        16565      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_GETS         1790      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_GETX         5424      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_PUTS_only        18333      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_PUTS         1402      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_GETS         8468      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_GETX         2872      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_PUTX       112843      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.Fwd_DMA           30      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_GETS          991      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_GETX          198      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_PUTO          332      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_GETS         1502      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_GETX         2646      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTO          340      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTS_only         1519      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTS          416      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L1_GETS       316374      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L1_GETX         2372      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement        10626      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_GETS          806      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_GETX          115      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_PUTS_only          225      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_PUTS          760      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L2_Replacement            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_GETS        47864      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_GETX         1530      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_PUTS_only       315543      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_PUTS        47773      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L2_Replacement          401      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS        32594      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX        55084      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement        12259      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA          332      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.Unblock         1519      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA          340      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.Unblock          416      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSW.L1_GETS            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSW.L1_PUTS            9      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSW.Unblock        47773      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILSW.L1_PUTS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILSW.L1_WBCLEANDATA         1402      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IW.L1_WBCLEANDATA        18333      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SW.Unblock       315543      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OXW.Unblock          225      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXW.L1_PUTS            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXW.Unblock          760      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA       112843      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLS.Unblock         1790      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOX.Unblock          991      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOX.Exclusive_Unblock          115      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.L1_GETS           69      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.L1_GETX            7      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.Unblock         3479      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.Exclusive_Unblock         8059      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOSX.Unblock         1502      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.L1_GETS           48      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.Exclusive_Unblock         2646      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.L1_GETS            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.Data         24783      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.Unblock        24783      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGM.Data         18937      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMLS.Data         6954      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.All_Acks        25891      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.Exclusive_Unblock        25891      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock        55084      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.Unblock       316374      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OO.L1_GETS            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OO.Exclusive_Unblock        32594      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXS.Unblock          806      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.L1_GETS           16      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.L1_PUTS_only            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.L1_PUTS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.Unblock        47864      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack        12259      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSI.Writeback_Ack            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXD.DmaAck           30      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
