
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  4.126932                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                4126932246000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               56324689028501                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 150535                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   211068                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              275984077                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1835088                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 14953.52                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2251031798                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3156201464                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     23570688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          23570688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     12932800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       12932800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       368292                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             368292                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       202075                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            202075                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      5711431                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total              5711431                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0      3133756                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             3133756                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0      8845187                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total             8845187                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     368292                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    202075                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   368292                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  202075                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              23492480                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  78208                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               12931904                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               23570688                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            12932800                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                  1222                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    3                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            26791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            28974                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            28336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            21741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            20197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            20489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            19479                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            21714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            21170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            24578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           24286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           21989                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           21074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           21354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           20055                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           24843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            15108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            15938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            15322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            12361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            11492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            11546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            10923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            12341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            11482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            12998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           12478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           11815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           11707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           11829                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           11307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           13414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 4126923509000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               368292                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              202075                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 366798                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                    271                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                   521                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                   526                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                 12547                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                 12565                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                 12567                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                 12568                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                 12568                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                 12567                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                 12564                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                 12563                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                 12564                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                 12567                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                 12564                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                 12564                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                 12563                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                 12563                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                 12563                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                 12563                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       368111                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean    98.949632                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    82.160648                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   100.112309                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       277243     75.32%     75.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        71502     19.42%     94.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        11047      3.00%     97.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3380      0.92%     98.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1312      0.36%     99.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          887      0.24%     99.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          785      0.21%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          964      0.26%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          991      0.27%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       368111                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        12563                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     29.520178                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    27.594651                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    39.228795                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        12558     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            3      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        12563                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        12563                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.083818                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.079136                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.402660                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16           12038     95.82%     95.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17               4      0.03%     95.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18             515      4.10%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19               5      0.04%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20               1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        12563                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  6334206493                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            13216768993                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1835350000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    17256.13                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               36006.13                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        5.69                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        3.13                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     5.71                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     3.13                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.41                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  129600                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  71421                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                35.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               35.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                   7235558.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   35.32                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy              1442962080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy               787330500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             1479379200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy             680600880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        269801251200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        312495288075                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        2204338292250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          2791025104185                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           675.668404                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3663657766750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF 137807280000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 325463062500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy              1351773360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy               737574750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             1413453600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy             628754400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        269801251200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        306178850745                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        2209879026750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          2789990684805                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           675.417985                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3672916364250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF 137807280000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 316206870750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     23373824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          23373824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     12820352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       12820352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       365216                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             365216                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       200318                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            200318                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      5663729                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total              5663729                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1      3106509                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total             3106509                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1      8770238                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total             8770238                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     365216                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    200318                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   365216                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  200318                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              23303168                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  70656                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               12819328                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               23373824                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            12820352                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                  1104                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            26429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            28453                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            27594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            21642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            20122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            20119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            19388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            21710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            21012                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            24307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           24209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           21972                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           21174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           20776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           20573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           24632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            14988                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            15438                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            14880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            12300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            11431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            11504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            10985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            12228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            11362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            12984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           12271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           11914                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           11555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           11733                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           11390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           13339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 4126933638000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               365216                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              200318                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 363890                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                    222                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                   464                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                   470                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 12439                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 12464                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 12465                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 12465                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 12463                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 12461                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 12467                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 12463                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 12463                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 12463                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 12464                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 12463                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 12463                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 12460                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 12460                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 12460                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       364415                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean    99.124613                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    82.181326                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   100.985303                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127       274603     75.35%     75.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        70514     19.35%     94.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        10898      2.99%     97.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3464      0.95%     98.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1276      0.35%     99.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          868      0.24%     99.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          820      0.23%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          884      0.24%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1088      0.30%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       364415                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        12460                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     29.527207                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    27.575440                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    39.548061                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        12454     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            2      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            3      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        12460                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        12460                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.075602                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.071309                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.386046                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16           11994     96.26%     96.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17               1      0.01%     96.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18             457      3.67%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19               7      0.06%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        12460                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  6283967743                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            13111067743                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1820560000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    17258.34                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               36008.34                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        5.65                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        3.11                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     5.66                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     3.11                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.48                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  128215                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  71784                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                35.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               35.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                   7297410.30                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   35.43                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy              1422890280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy               776378625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             1461626400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy             672325920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        269801251200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        311155979310                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        2205513124500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          2790803576235                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           675.614775                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3665574790250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF 137807280000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 323551567750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              1343979000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy               733321875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             1408204200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy             625631040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        269801251200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        305533910565                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        2210444763750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          2789891061630                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           675.393868                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3673899689250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF 137807280000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 315223545750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     23459584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          23459584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     12808512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       12808512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       366556                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             366556                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       200133                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            200133                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      5684509                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total              5684509                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2      3103640                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total             3103640                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2      8788149                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total             8788149                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     366556                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    200133                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   366556                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  200133                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              23393920                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                  65664                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               12806976                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               23459584                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            12808512                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                  1026                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            26645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            29180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            27769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            21503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            20258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            20312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            19282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            21862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            21153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            24384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           24314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           22097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           20742                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           21335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           20205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           24489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            14952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            15247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            14750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            12283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            11435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            11576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            10934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            12246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            11513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            12940                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           12356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           11879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           11554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           11804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           11309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           13331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 4126938958500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               366556                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              200133                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 365289                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                    241                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                   455                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                   460                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                 12441                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                 12452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                 12455                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                 12450                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                 12451                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                 12450                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                 12454                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                 12453                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                 12452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                 12450                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                 12450                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                 12450                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                 12450                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                 12451                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                 12450                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                 12449                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       365406                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean    99.069988                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean    82.129106                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   101.005849                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127       275656     75.44%     75.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        70393     19.26%     94.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        10948      3.00%     97.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3456      0.95%     98.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1236      0.34%     98.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767          875      0.24%     99.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895          861      0.24%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          957      0.26%     99.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1024      0.28%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       365406                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        12449                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     29.663828                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    27.719719                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    40.718546                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        12443     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            3      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            2      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        12449                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        12449                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.074303                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.070103                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.381769                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16           11989     96.30%     96.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::17               3      0.02%     96.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18             452      3.63%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::19               4      0.03%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        12449                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  6269551243                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            13123238743                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1827650000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    17151.95                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               35901.95                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        5.67                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        3.10                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     5.68                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     3.10                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     25.45                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  128436                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  71796                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                35.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               35.87                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                   7282546.44                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   35.40                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy              1429407000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy               779934375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy             1472031600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy             670181040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy        269801251200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy        311485453560                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy        2205224112000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          2790862370775                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           675.629008                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3665121238250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF 137807280000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 324004630500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy              1344878640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy               733812750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy             1408531800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy             626525280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy        269801251200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy        305220569310                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy        2210719624500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          2789855193480                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           675.385185                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3674327152000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF 137807280000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 314796083000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     23322816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          23322816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     12772928                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       12772928                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       364419                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             364419                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       199577                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            199577                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      5651369                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total              5651369                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3      3095018                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total             3095018                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3      8746386                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total             8746386                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     364419                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    199577                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   364419                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  199577                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              23259200                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                  63616                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               12771968                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               23322816                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            12772928                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                   994                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            26739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            27765                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            27192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            21597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            20178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            20143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            19248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            21974                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            21116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            24239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           24385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           21451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           21265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           21044                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           20595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           24494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            15008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            15054                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            14589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            12244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            11505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            11444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            10846                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            12325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            11412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            12920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           12383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           11820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           11519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           11784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           11483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           13226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 4126925244000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               364419                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              199577                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 363223                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                    202                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                   416                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                   420                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                 12412                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                 12422                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                 12423                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                 12421                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                 12423                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                 12421                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                 12420                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                 12420                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                 12422                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                 12422                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                 12421                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                 12421                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                 12421                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                 12421                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                 12420                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                 12420                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       363813                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean    99.037780                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean    82.088046                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   101.320507                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127       274560     75.47%     75.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        70164     19.29%     94.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        10752      2.96%     97.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3386      0.93%     98.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1192      0.33%     98.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767          900      0.25%     99.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895          840      0.23%     99.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          963      0.26%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1056      0.29%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       363813                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        12420                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     29.564332                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    27.586524                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    41.425454                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        12415     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            2      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        12420                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        12420                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.067794                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.064013                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.361720                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16           11996     96.59%     96.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::17               8      0.06%     96.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18             414      3.33%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::19               2      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        12420                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  6257740746                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            13071959496                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1817125000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    17218.80                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               35968.80                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        5.64                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        3.09                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     5.65                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     3.10                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     25.43                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  127406                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  71769                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                35.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               35.96                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                   7317295.24                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   35.38                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy              1416328200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy               772798125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy             1456572000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy             667537200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy        269801251200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy        310432376565                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy        2206147863750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          2790694727040                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           675.588424                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3666684588500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF 137807280000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 322436083250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy              1345929480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy               734386125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy             1407572400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy             625624560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy        269801251200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy        305085340800                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy        2210838246000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          2789838350565                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           675.381107                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3674547885251                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF 137807280000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 314575349749                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      8251623760                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    4287720                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                      9043943                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              8863207                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1814                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     249934                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       643127                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     8863207                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         1814                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           17959539                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           7306037                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                3048                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes               1440                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             5129410                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes            2817595                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      2103743                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    1304706                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    799037                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              8229327032.689947                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              22296727.310053                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.002702                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.997298                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           967868                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass               134476      1.49%      1.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  6745121     74.58%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                   14945      0.17%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    44379      0.49%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                   1368      0.02%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 1304706     14.43%     91.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 799037      8.83%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                   9044032                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      8257456557                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    2926890                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                      6290356                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses              6154075                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                   154                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     174481                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       438807                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                     6154075                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                          154                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           12518741                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           5100678                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                 258                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                126                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads             3490473                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes            1854071                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      1511476                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                     939948                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                    571528                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              8242017458.860820                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              15439098.139180                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.001870                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.998130                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                           669655                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               113669      1.81%      1.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  4609398     73.28%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   15837      0.25%     75.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                    39879      0.63%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                    120      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                  939948     14.94%     90.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                 571528      9.09%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                   6290379                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      8255983419                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                 2239494472                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                   3131965242                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses           1365009527                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses            2127680264                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                    4837069                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts    125344285                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                  1365009527                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                   2127680264                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads         2745534371                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes         828486327                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads          4601234004                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes         2077617833                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads           735920225                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes          430151845                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                    408337739                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                  353614702                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                  54723037                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              5443420.070786                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              8250539998.929214                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.999341                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.000659                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                        163310411                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass              2282640      0.07%      0.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu               1676679073     53.53%     53.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   79448      0.00%     53.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    99352      0.00%     53.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd             1044495651     33.35%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead               353614702     11.29%     98.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite               54723037      1.75%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                3131973903                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      8251632681                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    2923011                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      6314333                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              6174339                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     174056                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       443941                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     6174339                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           12551687                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           5128042                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             3558320                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            1865100                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      1501615                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                     933465                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    568150                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              8236286443.681764                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              15346237.318237                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.001860                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.998140                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                           674870                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass               119947      1.90%      1.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  4636699     73.43%     75.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   12773      0.20%     75.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    43302      0.69%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                  933465     14.78%     91.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 568150      9.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   6314336                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  202                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 202                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                4272                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               4272                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq                20                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp               20                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2090                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2158                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2080                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2110                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           34                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          196                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2096                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2346                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          244                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2084                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2352                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    8988                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           44                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           26                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4180                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4250                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4202                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           24                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           98                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4350                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           44                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          122                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4338                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    17184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                80500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                59994                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy              283500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             2557496                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             2555999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             2876468                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             2564500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy               14998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1616500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             1584000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             1781000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             1792500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            1                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes         4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           24                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes        98304                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           24                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  4                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  39                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples              134757899                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.112649                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 0.942362                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |   132862873     98.59%     98.59% |        3279      0.00%     98.60% |     1891162      1.40%    100.00% |         173      0.00%    100.00% |         382      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                134757899                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   3806843733                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000230                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  3806843531    100.00%    100.00% |         202      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   3806843733                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     3806843733                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.180427                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.038396                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         3.500100                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  3806767890    100.00%    100.00% |       58293      0.00%    100.00% |       17084      0.00%    100.00% |         350      0.00%    100.00% |         115      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       3806843733                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   3729237989                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  3729237989    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   3729237989                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     77605744                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean     9.850615                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     6.348525                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    22.895522                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |    77529901     99.90%     99.90% |       58293      0.08%     99.98% |       17084      0.02%    100.00% |         350      0.00%    100.00% |         115      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     77605744                      
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_hits      1867025                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_misses       238035                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_accesses      2105060                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_hits      5385610                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_misses       294981                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_accesses      5680591                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_hits      1334110                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_misses       176989                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_accesses      1511099                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_hits      3673202                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_misses       223431                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_accesses      3896633                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_hits    346769709                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_misses     68271766                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_accesses    415041475                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_hits   3365216596                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_misses      8008284                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_accesses   3373224880                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_hits      1330088                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_misses       170512                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_accesses      1500600                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_hits      3661649                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_misses       221746                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_accesses      3883395                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_hits        412533                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_misses       120483                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_accesses       533016                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_hits        321445                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_misses        78975                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_accesses       400420                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_hits      66100321                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_misses     10179729                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_accesses     76280050                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_hits        311863                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_misses        80395                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_accesses       392258                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits      8968668                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses      1490914                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses     10459582                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles             8                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     0.005383                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Control::0       120483                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::2        30545                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::1       131177                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::1        91741                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::2        68534                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        22648                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         6373                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        24172                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Control::0       963864                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       244360                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      9444744                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       733928                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       548272                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1630656                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       458856                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       193376                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.003539                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Control::0        78975                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::2        34162                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::1        93745                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::1        41389                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::2        37041                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         9195                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         4833                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         7058                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Control::0       631800                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       273296                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6749640                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       331112                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       296328                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       662040                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       347976                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        56464                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.443752                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Control::0     10179729                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::2        12135                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::1     10181880                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::1     10040653                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::2     10025628                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1823984                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           46                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      8195499                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Control::0     81437832                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        97080                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    733095360                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     80325224                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     80205024                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    131326848                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         3312                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     65563992                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.003500                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Control::0        80395                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::2        30964                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::1        92145                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::1        48059                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::2        37561                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         9176                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         4150                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9236                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Control::0       643160                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       247712                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6634440                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       384472                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       300488                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       660672                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       298800                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        73888                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.526865                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Control::0     11923988                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::2        67734                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1     12710904                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::1     12228808                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::2     10168764                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1865003                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        15402                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      8235965                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Control::0     95391904                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       541872                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    915185088                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     97830464                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     81350112                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    134280216                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      1108944                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     65887720                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.018249                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Control::0       368270                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::1       569986                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::1       526052                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          409                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          384                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Control::0      2946160                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     41038992                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      4208416                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3272                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         3072                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.018095                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::0       365193                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1       565151                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::1       521655                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          408                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          384                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::0      2921544                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     40690872                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      4173240                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3264                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         3072                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.018139                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Control::0       366540                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::1       566306                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::1       524462                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          401                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          384                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Control::0      2932320                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     40774032                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      4195696                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3208                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         3072                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.percent_links_utilized     0.018047                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Control::0       364403                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Data::1       563612                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Control::1       520757                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          400                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          384                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Control::0      2915224                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     40580064                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      4166056                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3200                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         3072                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.percent_links_utilized     0.000012                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Data::1           82                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1618                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1536                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         5904                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        12944                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        12288                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.percent_links_utilized     0.070380                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Control::0     11923988                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Request_Control::2       107806                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Data::1     12737494                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Control::1     12271788                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Control::2     10168764                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1865003                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        15402                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      8237583                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1536                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Control::0     95391904                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       862448                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    917099568                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     98174304                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     81350112                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    134280216                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      1108944                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     65900664                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        12288                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        35771964                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control       283346                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     38212482                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control     67321656                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      5641215                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     24717357                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control        286175712                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control      2266768                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   2751298704                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control    538573248                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    406167480                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    197738856                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     0.006870                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        30545                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       114105                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        76671                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       244360                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      8215560                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       613368                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     0.003896                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       120483                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        17072                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        15070                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        68534                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        22648                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         6373                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        24172                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       963864                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1229184                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       120560                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       548272                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1630656                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       458856                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       193376                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.004565                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        34162                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        77699                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        20147                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       273296                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5594328                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       161176                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.002514                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        78975                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        16046                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        21242                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        37041                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         9195                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         4833                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         7058                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       631800                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1155312                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       169936                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       296328                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       662040                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       347976                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        56464                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.615716                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        12135                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1     10177532                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1     10030843                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        97080                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    732782304                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     80246744                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.271788                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0     10179729                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4348                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         9810                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2     10025628                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1823984                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           46                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      8195499                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     81437832                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       313056                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        78480                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     80205024                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    131326848                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         3312                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     65563992                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.004625                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        30964                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        78248                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        28285                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       247712                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5633856                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       226280                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.002374                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        80395                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        13897                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        19774                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        37561                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         9176                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         4150                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9236                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       643160                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1000584                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       158192                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       300488                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       660672                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       298800                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        73888                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.367470                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0     10459582                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1489261                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1469665                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2     10168764                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1865003                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        15402                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      8235965                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     83676656                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    107226792                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     11757320                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     81350112                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    134280216                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      1108944                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     65887720                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.686261                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      1464406                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        67734                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1     11221643                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1     10759143                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     11715248                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       541872                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    807958296                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     86073144                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.014212                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       368270                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       201691                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       162179                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          409                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      2946160                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     14521752                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1297432                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3272                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.022286                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       368295                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       363873                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          384                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     26517240                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2910984                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         3072                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.014090                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       365193                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       199934                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       160860                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          408                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      2921544                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     14395248                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1286880                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3264                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.022100                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       365217                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       360795                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          384                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     26295624                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2886360                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         3072                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.014097                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       366540                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       199749                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       162356                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          401                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      2932320                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     14381928                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1298848                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3208                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.022181                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       366557                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       362106                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          384                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     26392104                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2896848                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         3072                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.link_utilization     0.014044                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       364403                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       199193                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       160782                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          400                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      2915224                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     14341896                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1286256                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3200                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.link_utilization     0.022051                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       364419                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       359975                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          384                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     26238168                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2879800                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         3072                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000014                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1           82                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1536                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         5904                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        12288                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000010                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1618                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        12944                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle2.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.link_utilization     0.006870                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::2        30545                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::1       114105                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::1        76671                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       244360                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      8215560                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       613368                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.link_utilization     0.004565                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::2        34162                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::1        77699                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::1        20147                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       273296                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5594328                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       161176                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.link_utilization     0.615716                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.msg_count.Request_Control::2        12135                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1     10177532                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::1     10030843                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        97080                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    732782304                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     80246744                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.link_utilization     0.004625                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.msg_count.Request_Control::2        30964                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::1        78248                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Control::1        28285                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       247712                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5633856                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       226280                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.link_utilization     0.367470                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Control::0     10459582                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1489261                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1469665                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::2     10168764                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1865003                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        15402                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      8235965                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Control::0     83676656                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    107226792                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     11757320                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     81350112                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    134280216                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      1108944                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     65887720                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.link_utilization     0.014212                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_count.Control::0       368270                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::1       201691                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Control::1       162179                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          409                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_bytes.Control::0      2946160                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     14521752                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1297432                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3272                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.link_utilization     0.014090                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_count.Control::0       365193                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Data::1       199934                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Control::1       160860                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          408                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_bytes.Control::0      2921544                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     14395248                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1286880                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3264                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.link_utilization     0.014097                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_count.Control::0       366540                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Data::1       199749                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Control::1       162356                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          401                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_bytes.Control::0      2932320                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     14381928                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1298848                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3208                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.link_utilization     0.014044                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_count.Control::0       364403                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Data::1       199193                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Control::1       160782                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          400                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_bytes.Control::0      2915224                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     14341896                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1286256                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3200                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle13.link_utilization     0.000014                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle13.msg_count.Response_Data::1           82                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1536                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         5904                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        12288                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle14.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples      30729314                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         0.486134                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        1.911916                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |    28862864     93.93%     93.93% |         863      0.00%     93.93% |     1865043      6.07%    100.00% |         159      0.00%    100.00% |         355      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total        30729314                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples     101183602                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.002389                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.133001                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |   101145255     99.96%     99.96% |        9771      0.01%     99.97% |        1013      0.00%     99.97% |        1403      0.00%     99.97% |       26022      0.03%    100.00% |          97      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total       101183602                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples       2844983                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.000003                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.002371                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |     2844979    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total         2844983                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    362899406                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       2.475305                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.388253                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      9.715216                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   362081518     99.77%     99.77% |      761623      0.21%     99.98% |       26542      0.01%     99.99% |       17258      0.00%    100.00% |        8964      0.00%    100.00% |        3173      0.00%    100.00% |          37      0.00%    100.00% |         232      0.00%    100.00% |          58      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     362899406                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    296967258                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   296967258    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    296967258                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     65932148                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean     9.120278                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     6.083688                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    21.576631                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |    65114260     98.76%     98.76% |      761623      1.16%     99.91% |       26542      0.04%     99.95% |       17258      0.03%     99.98% |        8964      0.01%     99.99% |        3173      0.00%    100.00% |          37      0.00%    100.00% |         232      0.00%    100.00% |          58      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     65932148                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     56496152                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       2.185662                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.114280                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     13.085847                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    56477742     99.97%     99.97% |       13585      0.02%     99.99% |        4692      0.01%    100.00% |          76      0.00%    100.00% |          56      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      56496152                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     53714362                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    53714362    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     53714362                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2781790                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    25.079949                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     9.003688                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    54.096734                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     2763380     99.34%     99.34% |       13585      0.49%     99.83% |        4692      0.17%    100.00% |          76      0.00%    100.00% |          56      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      2781790                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   3386685499                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.024329                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.005319                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.725916                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  3386674839    100.00%    100.00% |        9761      0.00%    100.00% |         489      0.00%    100.00% |         215      0.00%    100.00% |         135      0.00%    100.00% |          55      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   3386685499                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   3377937057                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  3377937057    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   3377937057                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      8748442                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.418118                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     7.796236                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    10.748124                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |     8737782     99.88%     99.88% |        9761      0.11%     99.99% |         489      0.01%    100.00% |         215      0.00%    100.00% |         135      0.00%    100.00% |          55      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      8748442                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       444348                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     4.128309                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.723088                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    14.184462                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |      442582     99.60%     99.60% |        1621      0.36%     99.97% |          73      0.02%     99.98% |          35      0.01%     99.99% |          28      0.01%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       444348                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       325525                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      325525    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       325525                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       118823                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    12.698560                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     7.650510                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    25.537104                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      117057     98.51%     98.51% |        1621      1.36%     99.88% |          73      0.06%     99.94% |          35      0.03%     99.97% |          28      0.02%     99.99% |           9      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       118823                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       159164                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     5.409691                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.490961                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    22.544386                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      156635     98.41%     98.41% |        2405      1.51%     99.92% |          50      0.03%     99.95% |          46      0.03%     99.98% |          21      0.01%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       159164                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       134623                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      134623    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       134623                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        24541                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    29.599650                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    13.336412                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    51.035100                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       22012     89.69%     89.69% |        2405      9.80%     99.49% |          50      0.20%     99.70% |          46      0.19%     99.89% |          21      0.09%     99.97% |           7      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        24541                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       159164                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      159164    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       159164                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       159164                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      159164    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       159164                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      368270     25.15%     25.15% |      365193     24.94%     50.09% |      366540     25.03%     75.12% |      364403     24.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      1464406                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      201691     25.19%     25.19% |      199934     24.97%     50.17% |      199749     24.95%     75.12% |      199193     24.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       800567                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      368292     25.15%     25.15% |      365216     24.94%     50.09% |      366556     25.03%     75.12% |      364419     24.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1464483                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      202075     25.19%     25.19% |      200318     24.97%     50.17% |      200133     24.95%     75.12% |      199577     24.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       802103                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          25     30.49%     30.49% |          24     29.27%     59.76% |          17     20.73%     80.49% |          16     19.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           82                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |         384     25.00%     25.00% |         384     25.00%     50.00% |         384     25.00%     75.00% |         384     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         1536                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      162179     25.10%     25.10% |      160860     24.89%     49.99% |      162356     25.13%     75.12% |      160782     24.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       646177                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      368270     25.15%     25.15% |      365193     24.94%     50.09% |      366540     25.03%     75.12% |      364403     24.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      1464406                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          22     28.57%     28.57% |          23     29.87%     58.44% |          16     20.78%     79.22% |          16     20.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           77                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |         384     25.00%     25.00% |         384     25.00%     50.00% |         384     25.00%     75.00% |         384     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total         1536                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          22     28.57%     28.57% |          23     29.87%     58.44% |          16     20.78%     79.22% |          16     20.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           77                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |         384     25.00%     25.00% |         384     25.00%     50.00% |         384     25.00%     75.00% |         384     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total         1536                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      201688     25.19%     25.19% |      199933     24.97%     50.17% |      199748     24.95%     75.12% |      199193     24.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       800562                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |           3     60.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total            5                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      162179     25.10%     25.10% |      160860     24.89%     49.99% |      162356     25.13%     75.12% |      160782     24.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       646177                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      368270     25.15%     25.15% |      365193     24.94%     50.09% |      366540     25.03%     75.12% |      364403     24.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      1464406                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      201688     25.19%     25.19% |      199933     24.97%     50.17% |      199748     24.95%     75.12% |      199193     24.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       800562                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |           3     60.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total            5                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |           3     60.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total            5                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        1536    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         1536                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |        1536    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total            1536                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        1536    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         1536                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |        1536    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total         1536                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load      |     1203611      0.33%      0.33% |      872481      0.24%      0.57% |   359957235     99.19%     99.76% |      866079      0.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load::total    362899406                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     5680591      0.00%      0.00% |     3896633      0.00%      0.00% |18446744072787808256    100.00%    100.00% |     3883395      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total 18446744072801267712                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Store     |      901449      1.57%      1.57% |      638618      1.12%      2.69% |    55084240     96.20%     98.89% |      634521      1.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Store::total     57258828                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inv       |       65979      2.41%      2.41% |       56942      2.08%      4.49% |     2558279     93.46%     97.95% |       55977      2.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inv::total      2737177                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.L0_Replacement |      515127      0.69%      0.69% |      388393      0.52%      1.20% |    73863412     98.29%     99.50% |      378349      0.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.L0_Replacement::total     75145281                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data      |      292728     25.12%     25.12% |      262449     22.52%     47.64% |      337601     28.97%     76.61% |      272611     23.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data::total      1165389                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      240288      0.31%      0.31% |      137971      0.18%      0.49% |    75942449     99.35%     99.84% |      119647      0.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total     76440355                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Load    |      169485      0.26%      0.26% |      129944      0.20%      0.45% |    65506845     99.35%     99.81% |      125874      0.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Load::total     65932148                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |      294981      3.37%      3.37% |      223431      2.55%      5.93% |     8008284     91.54%     97.47% |      221746      2.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total      8748442                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Store   |       63276      2.17%      2.17% |       45885      1.57%      3.75% |     2762753     94.79%     98.54% |       42598      1.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Store::total      2914512                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Inv     |       53359     18.57%     18.57% |       46095     16.04%     34.61% |      143820     50.05%     84.65% |       44101     15.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Inv::total       287375                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      135132     28.57%     28.57% |      124166     26.26%     54.83% |       78178     16.53%     71.36% |      135443     28.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       472919                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     3992276     24.06%     24.06% |     3511226     21.16%     45.22% |     5546016     33.42%     78.64% |     3543801     21.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     16593319                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        5274     49.56%     49.56% |        1160     10.90%     60.46% |        2168     20.37%     80.83% |        2040     19.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Store::total        10642                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        3663     13.47%     13.47% |        5122     18.83%     32.30% |       12129     44.59%     76.88% |        6288     23.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total        27202                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.L0_Replacement |      283760     25.17%     25.17% |      256154     22.72%     47.88% |      323331     28.68%     76.56% |      264288     23.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.L0_Replacement::total      1127533                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Load    |      249917      0.11%      0.11% |      154251      0.07%      0.18% |   221411018     99.75%     99.93% |      144964      0.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Load::total    221960150                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Ifetch  |     1393334      0.00%      0.00% |      161976      0.00%      0.00% |18446744072774254592    100.00%    100.00% |      117848      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Ifetch::total 18446744072775927808                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       34265      0.74%      0.74% |       23746      0.51%      1.25% |     4561213     98.28%     99.53% |       21988      0.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Store::total      4641212                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        3523      0.15%      0.15% |        2771      0.12%      0.26% |     2383682     99.63%     99.89% |        2626      0.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total      2392602                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.L0_Replacement |      133992      0.20%      0.20% |       64408      0.10%      0.30% |    66232583     99.63%     99.92% |       50393      0.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.L0_Replacement::total     66481376                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Load    |      649077      0.87%      0.87% |      464120      0.62%      1.49% |    72961194     97.89%     99.38% |      459798      0.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     74534189                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Store   |      798634      1.61%      1.61% |      567827      1.14%      2.75% |    47758106     96.11%     98.86% |      567895      1.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     49692462                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |        5434     18.11%     18.11% |        2954      9.85%     27.96% |       18648     62.16%     90.13% |        2962      9.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total        29998                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.L0_Replacement |       97375      1.29%      1.29% |       67831      0.90%      2.19% |     7307498     96.96%     99.16% |       63668      0.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.L0_Replacement::total      7536372                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data |      240030     25.81%     25.81% |      212725     22.87%     48.68% |      260577     28.01%     76.69% |      216805     23.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data::total       930137                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data_Exclusive |       54951      0.70%      0.70% |       10706      0.14%      0.84% |     7747707     99.10%     99.94% |        4941      0.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data_Exclusive::total      7818305                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |       52698     22.40%     22.40% |       49724     21.14%     43.54% |       77024     32.74%     76.28% |       55806     23.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total       235252                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      116787      0.18%      0.18% |       80220      0.12%      0.30% |    65429821     99.59%     99.89% |       70068      0.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total     65696896                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Exclusive |       63276      2.17%      2.17% |       45885      1.57%      3.75% |     2762753     94.79%     98.54% |       42598      1.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Exclusive::total      2914512                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Data_Exclusive |        5274     49.56%     49.56% |        1160     10.90%     60.46% |        2168     20.37%     80.83% |        2040     19.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Data_Exclusive::total        10642                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |      464466      0.62%      0.62% |      353375      0.47%      1.10% |    73515129     98.44%     99.53% |      347620      0.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     74680590                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |       68550      2.34%      2.34% |       47045      1.61%      3.95% |     2764921     94.52%     98.47% |       44638      1.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      2925154                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WriteBack |      231367      0.31%      0.31% |      132239      0.18%      0.49% |    73540081     99.35%     99.85% |      114061      0.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WriteBack::total     74017748                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_DataAck |        5434     18.11%     18.11% |        2954      9.85%     27.96% |       18648     62.16%     90.13% |        2962      9.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_DataAck::total        29998                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       21443     26.38%     26.38% |       26075     32.07%     58.45% |        9856     12.12%     70.57% |       23924     29.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        81298                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Own |      107894      2.00%      2.00% |       84244      1.56%      3.57% |     5111440     94.91%     98.48% |       81966      1.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Own::total      5385544                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Else |       24064     27.10%     27.10% |       29640     33.37%     60.47% |        5118      5.76%     66.23% |       29988     33.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        88810                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |       97269      0.94%      0.94% |       57550      0.55%      1.49% |    10174422     97.94%     99.43% |       58842      0.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total     10388083                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |        1132     68.48%     68.48% |         128      7.74%     76.23% |         210     12.70%     88.93% |         183     11.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         1653                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        7970     32.07%     32.07% |        7959     32.02%     64.09% |        2069      8.32%     72.41% |        6857     27.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        24855                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |        2937     48.46%     48.46% |         123      2.03%     50.49% |        1178     19.44%     69.92% |        1823     30.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total         6061                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |       38204      0.40%      0.40% |       20237      0.21%      0.62% |     9376081     99.17%     99.78% |       20333      0.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      9454855                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |        6295     25.33%     25.33% |        7594     30.55%     55.88% |        3442     13.85%     69.73% |        7524     30.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        24855                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |       66669      6.93%      6.93% |       49745      5.17%     12.10% |      796831     82.85%     94.95% |       48568      5.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       961813                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Ack    |       60545      2.24%      2.24% |       53988      1.99%      4.23% |     2539631     93.81%     98.04% |       53015      1.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Ack::total      2707179                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |       20536     55.62%     55.62% |        2495      6.76%     62.38% |        7985     21.63%     84.01% |        5903     15.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total        36919                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        9315     51.58%     51.58% |        1399      7.75%     59.33% |        3375     18.69%     78.02% |        3970     21.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        18059                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |       46820      0.46%      0.46% |       16253      0.16%      0.62% |    10019483     99.19%     99.82% |       18412      0.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total     10100968                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       96448      0.99%      0.99% |       69765      0.71%      1.70% |     9533624     97.58%     99.28% |       70691      0.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total      9770528                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |       17657      2.61%      2.61% |        7934      1.17%      3.78% |      643908     95.10%     98.88% |        7557      1.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total       677056                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Inv     |        5579     23.67%     23.67% |        6133     26.03%     49.70% |        7119     30.21%     79.91% |        4734     20.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Inv::total        23565                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      230288     27.42%     27.42% |      209760     24.97%     52.39% |      179617     21.38%     73.78% |      220259     26.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       839924                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        5303     49.04%     49.04% |        1274     11.78%     60.82% |        2192     20.27%     81.09% |        2045     18.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total        10814                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Own |       50258     17.69%     17.69% |       40876     14.39%     32.08% |      153539     54.05%     86.14% |       39382     13.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       284055                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Else |        6764     22.16%     22.16% |       10341     33.88%     56.04% |        2410      7.90%     63.94% |       11007     36.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        30522                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load   |        4196     42.85%     42.85% |        3161     32.28%     75.13% |         441      4.50%     79.64% |        1994     20.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load::total         9792                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store  |        1075     90.79%     90.79% |           2      0.17%     90.96% |           5      0.42%     91.39% |         102      8.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store::total         1184                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Inv    |        9207     22.26%     22.26% |       14882     35.97%     58.23% |        2686      6.49%     64.72% |       14594     35.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Inv::total        41369                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.L1_Replacement |       50449     17.57%     17.57% |       41297     14.38%     31.95% |      154939     53.96%     85.92% |       40430     14.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.L1_Replacement::total       287115                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.WriteBack |       37391      0.46%      0.46% |       18674      0.23%      0.69% |     8067867     99.08%     99.77% |       19035      0.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.WriteBack::total      8142967                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Own |         390      0.03%      0.03% |          56      0.00%      0.03% |     1308132     99.96%     99.99% |          67      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Own::total      1308645                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Else |         450     13.88%     13.88% |        1501     46.31%     60.20% |          60      1.85%     62.05% |        1230     37.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         3241                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Inv    |         284     29.52%     29.52% |         227     23.60%     53.12% |           5      0.52%     53.64% |         446     46.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Inv::total          962                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.L1_Replacement |         354      0.03%      0.03% |          42      0.00%      0.03% |     1307875     99.97%    100.00% |          52      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.L1_Replacement::total      1308323                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETX |           6     85.71%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1     14.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETX::total            7                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETS |          70      3.84%      3.84% |        1131     62.01%     65.84% |          47      2.58%     68.42% |         576     31.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETS::total         1824                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.WriteBack |      193976      0.29%      0.29% |      113565      0.17%      0.47% |    65472214     99.39%     99.86% |       95026      0.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.WriteBack::total     65874781                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Own |        3299      0.30%      0.30% |        1190      0.11%      0.41% |     1094049     99.45%     99.86% |        1534      0.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Own::total      1100072                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Else |        4818     45.27%     45.27% |        2978     27.98%     73.26% |          89      0.84%     74.09% |        2757     25.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        10642                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |      133534      0.21%      0.21% |       70689      0.11%      0.32% |    63801447     99.60%     99.91% |       54676      0.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total     64060346                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |       44515      1.99%      1.99% |       37835      1.69%      3.68% |     2118816     94.75%     98.44% |       34934      1.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total      2236100                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Inv    |        6373     41.38%     41.38% |        4833     31.38%     72.76% |          46      0.30%     73.06% |        4150     26.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Inv::total        15402                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement |       46466      0.53%      0.53% |       16211      0.18%      0.71% |     8711608     99.08%     99.79% |       18360      0.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement::total      8792645                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX |        1126     68.41%     68.41% |         128      7.78%     76.18% |         209     12.70%     88.88% |         183     11.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX::total         1646                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS |        7900     34.30%     34.30% |        6828     29.65%     63.95% |        2022      8.78%     72.73% |        6281     27.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS::total        23031                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |       38204      0.40%      0.40% |       20237      0.21%      0.62% |     9376081     99.17%     99.78% |       20333      0.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      9454855                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |        6295     25.33%     25.33% |        7594     30.55%     55.88% |        3442     13.85%     69.73% |        7524     30.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        24855                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |       51949     17.86%     17.86% |       41934     14.42%     32.28% |      154101     52.99%     85.27% |       42834     14.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       290818                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |        2937     48.46%     48.46% |         123      2.03%     50.49% |        1178     19.44%     69.92% |        1823     30.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total         6061                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |       14720      2.19%      2.19% |        7811      1.16%      3.36% |      642730     95.79%     99.15% |        5734      0.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       670995                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |       20536     55.62%     55.62% |        2495      6.76%     62.38% |        7985     21.63%     84.01% |        5903     15.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total        36919                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |        9315     51.58%     51.58% |        1399      7.75%     59.33% |        3375     18.69%     78.02% |        3970     21.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total        18059                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |       46820      0.46%      0.46% |       16253      0.16%      0.62% |    10019483     99.19%     99.82% |       18412      0.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total     10100968                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |       50258     17.69%     17.69% |       40876     14.39%     32.08% |      153539     54.05%     86.14% |       39382     13.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       284055                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |        6764     22.16%     22.16% |       10341     33.88%     56.04% |        2410      7.90%     63.94% |       11007     36.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        30522                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Ack |       57022     18.13%     18.13% |       51217     16.28%     34.41% |      155949     49.57%     83.98% |       50389     16.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Ack::total       314577                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_DataAck |         126     16.36%     16.36% |         157     20.39%     36.75% |         264     34.29%     71.04% |         223     28.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_DataAck::total          770                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |         390      0.03%      0.03% |          56      0.00%      0.03% |     1308132     99.96%     99.99% |          67      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total      1308645                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |         450     13.88%     13.88% |        1501     46.31%     60.20% |          60      1.85%     62.05% |        1230     37.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         3241                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Ack |         714      0.05%      0.05% |        1400      0.11%      0.16% |     1307928     99.76%     99.92% |        1074      0.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Ack::total      1311116                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_DataAck |        5308     18.16%     18.16% |        2797      9.57%     27.73% |       18384     62.90%     90.63% |        2739      9.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_DataAck::total        29228                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |        3299      0.30%      0.30% |        1190      0.11%      0.41% |     1094049     99.45%     99.86% |        1534      0.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total      1100072                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |        4818     45.27%     45.27% |        2978     27.98%     73.26% |          89      0.84%     74.09% |        2757     25.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        10642                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Ack |        2809      0.26%      0.26% |        1371      0.13%      0.39% |     1075754     99.47%     99.86% |        1552      0.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Ack::total      1081486                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS        9770533      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX         677056      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE        11998      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX       10100968      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement       792088      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean       654651      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data       1464406      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack        1446744      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data          19226      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean        21031      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack              15151      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all           7765      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock          24855      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock     10143909      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv             10      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS      1094384      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX       370022      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS       290818      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX         6061      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE        11998      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement          252      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean         6551      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS      8360471      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX       299320      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement       790697      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean       632877      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS        24855      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX         1653      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX     10100968      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement         1139      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean        15223      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack      1446744      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data          931      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data_clean          141      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all           69      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data         8474      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean         5856      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all          893      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack          14762      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all         6551      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack            389      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all          252      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data      1094384      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data       370022      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock        18059      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock     10125850      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data         9817      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean        15011      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock           27      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean           23      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock        24828      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  4.144323                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                4144323029500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               56342079812001                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 150282                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   210975                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              275623144                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2085968                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 15036.19                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2259667247                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3172264160                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     24220672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          24220672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     13369088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       13369088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       378448                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             378448                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       208892                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            208892                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      5844301                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total              5844301                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0      3225880                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             3225880                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0      9070181                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total             9070181                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     378448                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    208892                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   378448                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  208892                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              24140928                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  79744                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               13368128                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               24220672                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            13369088                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                  1246                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    3                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            27342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            29755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            28884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            22351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            20790                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            21272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            20135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            22560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            21717                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            25225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           24775                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           22651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           21730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           21955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           20621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           25439                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            15476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            16325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            15713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            12827                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            11781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            12015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            11317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            12787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            11896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            13636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           12907                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           12273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           12189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           12180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           11717                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           13838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 4144313911000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               378448                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              208892                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 376763                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                    436                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                   537                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                   542                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                 12957                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                 12988                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                 12992                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                 12997                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                 12994                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                 12994                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                 12989                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                 12988                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                 12989                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                 12991                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                 12988                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                 12988                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                 12987                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                 12989                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                 12987                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                 12987                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       377620                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean    99.330332                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    82.373062                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   100.374985                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       283656     75.12%     75.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        73696     19.52%     94.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        11543      3.06%     97.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3584      0.95%     98.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1421      0.38%     99.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          937      0.25%     99.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          807      0.21%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          976      0.26%     99.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1000      0.26%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       377620                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        12987                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     29.336413                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    27.444901                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    38.607683                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        12982     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            3      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        12987                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        12987                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.083545                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.078879                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.401977                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16           12446     95.83%     95.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17               4      0.03%     95.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18             531      4.09%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19               5      0.04%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20               1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        12987                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  6500048238                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            13572585738                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1886010000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    17232.27                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               35982.27                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        5.83                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        3.23                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     5.84                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     3.23                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.41                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  134790                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  73670                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                35.73                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               35.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                   7056072.99                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   35.57                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy              1478925000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy               806953125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             1521249600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy             701401680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        270937374240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        316986924555                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        2210834941500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          2803267769700                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           675.786474                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3674437790250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF 138388120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 331496667750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy              1387698480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy               757176750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             1450612800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy             652121280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        270937374240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        310597881480                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        2216439365250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          2802222230280                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           675.534425                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3683802722001                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF 138388120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 322134141749                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     24014784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          24014784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     13252608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       13252608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       375231                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             375231                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       207072                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            207072                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      5794622                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total              5794622                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1      3197774                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total             3197774                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1      8992396                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total             8992396                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     375231                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    207072                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   375231                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  207072                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              23943040                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  71744                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               13251456                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               24014784                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            13252608                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                  1121                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            26981                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            29210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            28123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            22245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            20727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            20853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            20050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            22528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            21562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            24937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           24670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           22641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           21820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           21392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           21146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           25225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            15352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            15827                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            15239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            12763                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            11743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            11997                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            11370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            12656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            11793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            13602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           12695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           12373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           12031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           12070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           11794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           13749                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 4144323352500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               375231                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              207072                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 373713                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                    396                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                   486                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                   493                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 12848                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 12885                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 12885                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 12884                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 12883                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 12881                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 12886                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 12882                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 12884                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 12884                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 12883                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 12882                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 12883                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 12881                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 12880                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 12879                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       373816                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean    99.499647                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    82.393610                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   101.228111                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127       280912     75.15%     75.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        72732     19.46%     94.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        11375      3.04%     97.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3647      0.98%     98.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1388      0.37%     98.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          929      0.25%     99.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          842      0.23%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          895      0.24%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1096      0.29%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       373816                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        12879                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     29.342651                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    27.423933                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    38.924368                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        12873     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            2      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            3      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        12879                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        12879                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.076869                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.072496                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.389717                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16           12390     96.20%     96.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17               1      0.01%     96.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18             479      3.72%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19               7      0.05%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20               1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        12879                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  6446266988                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            13460829488                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1870550000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    17230.94                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               35980.94                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        5.78                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        3.20                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     5.79                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     3.20                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.48                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  133324                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  74025                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                35.64                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               35.75                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                   7117125.20                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   35.68                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy              1458021600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy               795547500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             1502662200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy             693016560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        270937374240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        315689924610                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        2211972669000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          2803049215710                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           675.733785                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3676288480500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF 138388120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 329647416750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              1379919240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy               752932125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             1445160600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy             648693360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        270937374240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        309978662265                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        2216982540000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          2802125281830                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           675.511053                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3684748280500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF 138388120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 321188583250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     24084544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          24084544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     13236416                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       13236416                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       376321                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             376321                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       206819                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            206819                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      5811454                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total              5811454                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2      3193867                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total             3193867                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2      9005321                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total             9005321                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     376321                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    206819                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   376321                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  206819                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              24017792                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                  66752                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               13234880                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               24084544                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            13236416                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                  1043                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            27207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            29916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            28286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            22113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            20840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            20987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            19908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            22677                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            21695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            25012                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           24774                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           22772                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           21378                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           21927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           20745                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           25041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            15325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            15628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            15105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            12739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            11739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            12039                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            11324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            12674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            11935                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            13548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           12775                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           12356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           12022                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           12138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           11699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           13749                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 4144324508500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               376321                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              206819                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 374863                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                    413                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                   470                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                   475                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                 12845                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                 12867                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                 12871                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                 12868                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                 12868                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                 12867                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                 12872                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                 12870                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                 12868                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                 12866                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                 12867                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                 12869                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                 12867                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                 12868                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                 12866                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                 12865                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       374513                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean    99.469637                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean    82.357329                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   101.260171                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127       281686     75.21%     75.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        72601     19.39%     94.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        11415      3.05%     97.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3652      0.98%     98.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1350      0.36%     98.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767          924      0.25%     99.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895          889      0.24%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          964      0.26%     99.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1032      0.28%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       374513                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        12865                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     29.461796                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    27.551617                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    40.078849                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        12859     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            3      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            2      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        12865                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        12865                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.074232                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.070038                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.381485                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16           12390     96.31%     96.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::17               3      0.02%     96.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18             467      3.63%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::19               4      0.03%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        12865                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  6429606487                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            13466068987                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1876390000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    17132.92                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               35882.92                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        5.80                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        3.19                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     5.81                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     3.19                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     25.45                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  133461                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  74099                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                35.56                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               35.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                   7106911.73                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   35.66                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy              1463442120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy               798505125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy             1512006600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy             690593040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy        270937374240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy        315773603460                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy        2211899266500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          2803074791085                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           675.739950                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3676196723000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF 138388120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 329740154500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy              1379692440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy               752808375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy             1444606800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy             649438560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy        270937374240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy        309558424635                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy        2217351177750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          2802073522800                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           675.498573                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3685332677000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF 138388120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 320604200500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     23942336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          23942336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     13194816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       13194816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       374099                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             374099                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       206169                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            206169                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      5777140                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total              5777140                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3      3183829                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total             3183829                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3      8960969                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total             8960969                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     374099                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    206169                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   374099                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  206169                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              23877376                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                  64960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               13193792                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               23942336                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            13194816                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                  1015                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            27285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            28470                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            27707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            22193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            20742                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            20874                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            19887                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            22812                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            21647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            24842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           24841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           22088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           21865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           21626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           21152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           25053                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            15374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            15432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            14932                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            12689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            11791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            11913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            11243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            12767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            11824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            13526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           12815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           12278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           11981                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           12105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           11855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           13628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 4144317887000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               374099                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              206169                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 372734                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                    349                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                   431                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                   435                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                 12813                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                 12832                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                 12833                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                 12831                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                 12836                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                 12831                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                 12830                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                 12830                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                 12834                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                 12833                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                 12833                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                 12833                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                 12832                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                 12831                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                 12830                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                 12830                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       372703                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean    99.465880                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean    82.320482                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   101.661500                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127       280462     75.25%     75.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        72242     19.38%     94.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        11227      3.01%     97.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3607      0.97%     98.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1307      0.35%     98.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767          954      0.26%     99.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895          864      0.23%     99.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          977      0.26%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1063      0.29%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       372703                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        12830                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     29.372486                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    27.431472                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    40.780702                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        12825     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            2      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        12830                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        12830                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.068044                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.064243                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.362692                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16           12391     96.58%     96.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::17               8      0.06%     96.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18             428      3.34%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::19               3      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        12830                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  6409883743                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            13405208743                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1865420000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    17180.81                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               35930.81                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        5.76                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        3.18                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     5.78                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     3.18                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     25.43                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  132428                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  74107                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                35.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               35.94                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                   7142075.54                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   35.66                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy              1450030680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy               791187375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy             1496617200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy             687793680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy        270937374240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy        314808948855                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy        2212745454750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          2802917406780                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           675.702009                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3677633055751                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF 138388120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 328301258499                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy              1379435400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy               752668125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy             1442867400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy             648077760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy        270937374240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy        309329031555                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy        2217552391500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          2802041845980                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           675.490939                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3685691027501                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF 138388120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 320245836249                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      8288646063                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    7918847                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     15647168                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             15386804                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                 16728                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     377775                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      1138345                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    15386804                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                        16728                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           30987026                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          12620016                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads               27416                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes              13229                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             8747096                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes            5341134                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      3529092                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    2172828                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   1356264                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              8249751102.981238                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              38894960.018761                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.004693                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.995307                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          1647313                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass               156932      1.00%      1.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 11878794     75.91%     76.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                   22194      0.14%     77.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    48051      0.31%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                  12473      0.08%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                     16      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 2172828     13.89%     91.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                1356264      8.67%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  15647552                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      8293037486                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    3662604                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                      7710054                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses              7541095                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                  4376                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     209958                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       541858                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                     7541095                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                         4376                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           15386839                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           6195028                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                7102                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes               3472                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads             4207322                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes            2285211                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      1878182                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    1155430                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                    722752                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              8272800427.836333                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              20237058.163667                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.002440                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.997560                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                           821260                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               124204      1.61%      1.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  5647050     73.24%     74.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   16936      0.22%     75.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                    40507      0.53%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                   3286      0.04%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                     16      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 1155430     14.99%     90.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                 722752      9.37%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                   7710181                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      8290689499                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                 2241895561                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                   3136478030                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses           1369460547                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses            2127687278                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                    4929107                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts    125690921                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                  1369460547                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                   2127687278                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads         2754392473                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes         832059956                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads          4601245074                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes         2077623297                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads           738287779                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes          431753629                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                    409350681                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                  354217516                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                  55133165                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              27492809.270644                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              8263196689.729357                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.996684                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.003316                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                        163798030                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass              2300767      0.07%      0.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu               1680150813     53.57%     53.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   82097      0.00%     53.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                   101822      0.00%     53.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd             1044500719     33.30%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                     64      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead               354217516     11.29%     98.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite               55133165      1.76%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                3136486963                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      8288899981                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    4790530                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      9841318                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              9649009                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                 24463                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     253286                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       694794                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     9649009                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                        24463                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           19688993                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           7859170                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads               39343                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes              19125                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             5285575                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            2838496                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      2397129                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    1449733                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    947396                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              8263862755.014114                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              25037225.985885                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.003021                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.996979                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                          1046816                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass               137232      1.39%      1.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  7230733     73.47%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   14355      0.15%     75.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    43685      0.44%     75.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                  18316      0.19%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 1449733     14.73%     90.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 947396      9.63%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   9841450                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 4845                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                4845                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                7246                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               7246                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               553                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              553                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          260                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          260                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          260                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          260                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         1040                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           80                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1232                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         3110                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2384                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         6822                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1028                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          218                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2386                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3656                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           80                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1272                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         3336                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2410                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         7124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1082                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         3154                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2386                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         6646                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   25288                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         2080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           46                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         2464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1555                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         8865                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         2056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          109                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4772                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         6967                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           46                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         2544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1668                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4820                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         9130                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         2164                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1577                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4772                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         8543                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    35585                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy               160000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy              3689979                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             6304000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             3128990                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             3134495                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             3469459                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             3139493                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              765496                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             5482000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             2769500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             5736500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             5374000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            1                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes         4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           26                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes       106496                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           26                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  4                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  39                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples              271245563                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.114292                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 0.949417                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |   267376899     98.57%     98.57% |       10036      0.00%     98.58% |     3856189      1.42%    100.00% |         725      0.00%    100.00% |        1586      0.00%    100.00% |          33      0.00%    100.00% |          94      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                271245563                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   7628837322                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000381                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  7628836215    100.00%    100.00% |        1107      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   7628837322                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     7628837322                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.181628                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.038524                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         3.519811                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  7628683287    100.00%    100.00% |      118449      0.00%    100.00% |       34636      0.00%    100.00% |         715      0.00%    100.00% |         233      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       7628837322                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   7472936667                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  7472936667    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   7472936667                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples    155900655                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean     9.887788                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     6.358232                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    22.997127                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |   155746620     99.90%     99.90% |      118449      0.08%     99.98% |       34636      0.02%    100.00% |         715      0.00%    100.00% |         233      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total    155900655                      
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_hits      3155205                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_misses       382408                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_accesses      3537613                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_hits     10051444                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_misses       403566                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_accesses     10455010                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_hits      1654652                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_misses       225733                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_accesses      1880385                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_hits      4597013                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_misses       261601                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_accesses      4858614                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_hits    347680042                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_misses     68380669                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_accesses    416060711                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_hits   3368299698                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_misses      8088993                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_accesses   3376388691                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_hits      2140293                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_misses       258662                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_accesses      2398955                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_hits      6120331                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_misses       293279                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_accesses      6413610                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_hits        588929                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_misses       197045                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_accesses       785974                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_hits        376177                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_misses       111157                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_accesses       487334                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_hits      66222864                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_misses     10246798                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_accesses     76469662                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_hits        435590                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_misses       116351                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_accesses       551941                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits      9131368                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses      1539983                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses     10671351                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            35                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     0.008865                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Control::0       197045                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::2        34660                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::1       210262                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::1       149876                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::2       126571                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        47500                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         6462                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        53032                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Control::0      1576360                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       277280                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     15138864                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1199008                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1012568                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3420000                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       465264                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       424256                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.005029                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Control::0       111157                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::2        38430                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::1       128797                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::1        64424                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::2        60015                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        19250                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         4966                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        16245                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Control::0       889256                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       307440                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      9273384                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       515392                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       480120                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1386000                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       357552                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       129960                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.444984                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Control::0     10246798                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::2        17440                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::1     10252908                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::1     10090589                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::2     10075471                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1845087                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           97                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      8219440                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Control::0     81974384                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       139520                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    738209376                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     80724712                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     80603768                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    132846264                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         6984                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     65755520                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.005142                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Control::0       116351                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::2        34931                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::1       130801                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::1        74365                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::2        63955                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        19773                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         4278                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        21627                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Control::0       930808                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       279448                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      9417672                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       594920                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       511640                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1423656                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       308016                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       173016                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.535946                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Control::0     12175373                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::2        82922                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1     12982252                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::1     12428915                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::2     10326012                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1931610                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        15803                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      8310344                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Control::0     97402984                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       663376                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    934722144                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     99431320                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     82608096                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    139075920                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      1137816                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     66482752                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.018705                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Control::0       378426                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::1       586952                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::1       539581                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          443                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          416                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Control::0      3027408                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     42260544                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      4316648                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3544                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         3328                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.018544                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::0       375208                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1       581910                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::1       534963                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          440                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          416                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::0      3001664                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     41897520                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      4279704                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3520                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         3328                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.018577                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Control::0       376305                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::1       582749                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::1       537338                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          433                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          416                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Control::0      3010440                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     41957928                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      4298704                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3464                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         3328                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.percent_links_utilized     0.018481                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Control::0       374083                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Data::1       579873                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Control::1       533557                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          432                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          416                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Control::0      2992664                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     41750856                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      4268456                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3456                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         3328                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.percent_links_utilized     0.000013                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Data::1           84                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1748                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1664                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         6048                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        13984                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        13312                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.percent_links_utilized     0.071628                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Control::0     12175373                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Request_Control::2       125461                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Data::1     13018297                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Control::1     12476804                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Control::2     10326012                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1931610                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        15803                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      8312092                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1664                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Control::0     97402984                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1003688                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    937317384                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     99814432                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     82608096                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    139075920                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      1137816                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     66496736                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        13312                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        36526119                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control       333844                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     39054885                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control     68408448                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      5842239                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     24941268                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control        292208952                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control      2670752                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   2811951720                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control    547267584                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    420641208                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    199530144                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     0.011306                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        34660                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       189631                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       132916                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       277280                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     13653432                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1063328                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     0.006424                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       197045                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        20631                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        16960                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       126571                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        47500                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         6462                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        53032                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      1576360                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1485432                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       135680                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1012568                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3420000                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       465264                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       424256                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.006399                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        38430                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       109014                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        41278                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       307440                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7849008                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       330224                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.003659                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       111157                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        19783                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        23146                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        60015                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        19250                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         4966                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        16245                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       889256                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1424376                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       185168                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       480120                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1386000                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       357552                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       129960                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.617035                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        17440                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1     10243518                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1     10078549                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       139520                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    737533296                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     80628392                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.272933                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0     10246798                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         9390                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        12040                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2     10075471                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1845087                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           97                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      8219440                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     81974384                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       676080                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        96320                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     80603768                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    132846264                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         6984                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     65755520                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.006690                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        34931                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       113480                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        52808                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       279448                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      8170560                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       422464                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.003594                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       116351                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        17321                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        21557                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        63955                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        19773                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         4278                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        21627                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       930808                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1247112                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       172456                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       511640                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1423656                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       308016                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       173016                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.374991                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0     10671351                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1535192                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1512271                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2     10326012                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1931610                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        15803                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      8310344                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     85370808                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    110533824                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     12098168                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     82608096                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    139075920                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      1137816                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     66482752                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.696900                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      1504022                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        82922                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1     11447060                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1     10916644                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     12032176                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       663376                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    824188320                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     87333152                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.014604                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       378426                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       208499                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       165527                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          443                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      3027408                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     15011928                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1324216                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3544                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.022806                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       378453                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       374054                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          416                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     27248616                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2992432                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         3328                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.014477                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       375208                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       206678                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       164131                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          440                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      3001664                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     14880816                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1313048                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3520                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.022611                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       375232                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       370832                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          416                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     27016704                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2966656                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         3328                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.014478                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       376305                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       206427                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       165443                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          433                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      3010440                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     14862744                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1323544                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3464                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.022677                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       376322                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       371895                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          416                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     27095184                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2975160                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         3328                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.link_utilization     0.014419                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       374083                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       205774                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       163881                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          432                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      2992664                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     14815728                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1311048                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3456                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.link_utilization     0.022543                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       374099                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       369676                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          416                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     26935128                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2957408                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         3328                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000015                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1           84                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1664                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         6048                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        13312                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000011                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1748                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        13984                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle2.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.link_utilization     0.011306                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::2        34660                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::1       189631                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::1       132916                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       277280                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     13653432                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1063328                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.link_utilization     0.006399                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::2        38430                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::1       109014                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::1        41278                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       307440                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7849008                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       330224                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.link_utilization     0.617035                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.msg_count.Request_Control::2        17440                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1     10243518                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::1     10078549                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       139520                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    737533296                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     80628392                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.link_utilization     0.006690                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.msg_count.Request_Control::2        34931                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::1       113480                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Control::1        52808                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       279448                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      8170560                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       422464                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.link_utilization     0.374991                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Control::0     10671351                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1535192                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1512271                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::2     10326012                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1931610                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        15803                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      8310344                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Control::0     85370808                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    110533824                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     12098168                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     82608096                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    139075920                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      1137816                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     66482752                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.link_utilization     0.014604                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_count.Control::0       378426                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::1       208499                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Control::1       165527                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          443                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_bytes.Control::0      3027408                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     15011928                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1324216                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3544                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.link_utilization     0.014477                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_count.Control::0       375208                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Data::1       206678                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Control::1       164131                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          440                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_bytes.Control::0      3001664                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     14880816                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1313048                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3520                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.link_utilization     0.014478                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_count.Control::0       376305                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Data::1       206427                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Control::1       165443                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          433                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_bytes.Control::0      3010440                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     14862744                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1323544                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3464                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.link_utilization     0.014419                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_count.Control::0       374083                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Data::1       205774                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Control::1       163881                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          432                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_bytes.Control::0      2992664                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     14815728                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1311048                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3456                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle13.link_utilization     0.000015                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle13.msg_count.Response_Data::1           84                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1664                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         6048                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        13312                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle14.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples      61968631                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         0.491197                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        1.922018                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |    58167276     93.87%     93.87% |        2913      0.00%     93.87% |     3796142      6.13%    100.00% |         660      0.00%    100.00% |        1512      0.00%    100.00% |          33      0.00%    100.00% |          94      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total        61968631                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples     203502973                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.002764                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.143098                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |   203414476     99.96%     99.96% |       21188      0.01%     99.97% |        2910      0.00%     99.97% |        4213      0.00%     99.97% |       59711      0.03%    100.00% |         336      0.00%    100.00% |          44      0.00%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |          56      0.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total       203502973                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples       5773959                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.000003                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.002497                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |     5773950    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total         5773959                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    727898430                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       2.477913                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.388122                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      9.738708                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   726252820     99.77%     99.77% |     1532056      0.21%     99.98% |       53565      0.01%     99.99% |       34856      0.00%    100.00% |       18068      0.00%    100.00% |        6398      0.00%    100.00% |          74      0.00%    100.00% |         473      0.00%    100.00% |         118      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     727898430                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    595752337                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   595752337    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    595752337                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples    132146093                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean     9.140768                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     6.088799                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    21.637432                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |   130500483     98.75%     98.75% |     1532056      1.16%     99.91% |       53565      0.04%     99.95% |       34856      0.03%     99.98% |       18068      0.01%     99.99% |        6398      0.00%    100.00% |          74      0.00%    100.00% |         473      0.00%    100.00% |         118      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total    132146093                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples    114447872                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       2.197072                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.114958                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     13.149604                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |   114410145     99.97%     99.97% |       27885      0.02%     99.99% |        9569      0.01%    100.00% |         158      0.00%    100.00% |         113      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total     114447872                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    108798121                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   108798121    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    108798121                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5649751                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    25.249281                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     9.064070                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    54.255948                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     5612024     99.33%     99.33% |       27885      0.49%     99.83% |        9569      0.17%    100.00% |         158      0.00%    100.00% |         113      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      5649751                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   6784801424                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.024806                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.005401                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.748901                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  6784775896    100.00%    100.00% |       23346      0.00%    100.00% |        1150      0.00%    100.00% |         555      0.00%    100.00% |         324      0.00%    100.00% |         143      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   6784801424                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   6767005543                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  6767005543    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   6767005543                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     17795881                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.457406                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     7.796125                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    11.163371                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |    17770353     99.86%     99.86% |       23346      0.13%     99.99% |        1150      0.01%     99.99% |         555      0.00%    100.00% |         324      0.00%    100.00% |         143      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     17795881                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       974272                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     4.000331                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.686504                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    13.817053                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |      970595     99.62%     99.62% |        3375      0.35%     99.97% |         154      0.02%     99.98% |          74      0.01%     99.99% |          56      0.01%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       974272                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       724169                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      724169    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       724169                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       250103                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    12.687737                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     7.659943                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    25.340799                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      246426     98.53%     98.53% |        3375      1.35%     99.88% |         154      0.06%     99.94% |          74      0.03%     99.97% |          56      0.02%     99.99% |          18      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       250103                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       357662                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     5.509562                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.532560                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    22.145505                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      352310     98.50%     98.50% |        5082      1.42%     99.92% |         110      0.03%     99.96% |         100      0.03%     99.98% |          46      0.01%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       357662                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       298835                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      298835    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       298835                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        58827                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    28.417665                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    13.406606                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    48.514614                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       53475     90.90%     90.90% |        5082      8.64%     99.54% |         110      0.19%     99.73% |         100      0.17%     99.90% |          46      0.08%     99.98% |          14      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        58827                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       357662                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      357662    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       357662                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       357662                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      357662    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       357662                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      378426     25.16%     25.16% |      375208     24.95%     50.11% |      376305     25.02%     75.13% |      374083     24.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      1504022                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      208499     25.20%     25.20% |      206678     24.98%     50.18% |      206427     24.95%     75.13% |      205774     24.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       827378                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      378448     25.16%     25.16% |      375231     24.95%     50.11% |      376321     25.02%     75.13% |      374099     24.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1504099                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      208892     25.20%     25.20% |      207072     24.98%     50.18% |      206819     24.95%     75.13% |      206169     24.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       828952                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          27     32.14%     32.14% |          24     28.57%     60.71% |          17     20.24%     80.95% |          16     19.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           84                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |         416     25.00%     25.00% |         416     25.00%     50.00% |         416     25.00%     75.00% |         416     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         1664                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      165527     25.12%     25.12% |      164131     24.91%     50.03% |      165443     25.11%     75.13% |      163881     24.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       658982                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      378426     25.16%     25.16% |      375208     24.95%     50.11% |      376305     25.02%     75.13% |      374083     24.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      1504022                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          22     28.57%     28.57% |          23     29.87%     58.44% |          16     20.78%     79.22% |          16     20.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           77                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |         393     24.97%     24.97% |         394     25.03%     50.00% |         392     24.90%     74.90% |         395     25.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total         1574                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          22     28.57%     28.57% |          23     29.87%     58.44% |          16     20.78%     79.22% |          16     20.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           77                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |         393     24.97%     24.97% |         394     25.03%     50.00% |         392     24.90%     74.90% |         395     25.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total         1574                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      208471     25.20%     25.20% |      206655     24.98%     50.18% |      206402     24.95%     75.13% |      205753     24.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       827281                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |           5     71.43%     71.43% |           1     14.29%     85.71% |           1     14.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total            7                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |          23     25.56%     25.56% |          22     24.44%     50.00% |          24     26.67%     76.67% |          21     23.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total           90                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      165527     25.12%     25.12% |      164131     24.91%     50.03% |      165443     25.11%     75.13% |      163881     24.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       658982                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      378426     25.16%     25.16% |      375208     24.95%     50.11% |      376305     25.02%     75.13% |      374083     24.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      1504022                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      208471     25.20%     25.20% |      206655     24.98%     50.18% |      206402     24.95%     75.13% |      205753     24.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       827281                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |           5     71.43%     71.43% |           1     14.29%     85.71% |           1     14.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total            7                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |           5     71.43%     71.43% |           1     14.29%     85.71% |           1     14.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total            7                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |          23     25.56%     25.56% |          22     24.44%     50.00% |          24     26.67%     76.67% |          21     23.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total           90                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |          23     25.56%     25.56% |          22     24.44%     50.00% |          24     26.67%     76.67% |          21     23.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total           90                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          84    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           84                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        1664    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         1664                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          84    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             84                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |        1664    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total            1664                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          84    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           84                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        1664    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         1664                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          84    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           84                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |        1664    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total         1664                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load      |     2022459      0.55%      0.55% |     1076303      0.29%      0.85% |   360535759     98.78%     99.63% |     1364503      0.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load::total    364999024                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    10455010      0.00%      0.00% |     4858614      0.00%      0.00% |18446744072790972416    100.00%    100.00% |     6413610      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total 18446744072812699648                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Store     |     1515154      2.57%      2.57% |      804082      1.37%      3.94% |    55524952     94.30%     98.24% |     1034452      1.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Store::total     58878640                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inv       |       88199      3.15%      3.15% |       68497      2.44%      5.59% |     2579167     92.00%     97.59% |       67652      2.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inv::total      2803515                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.L0_Replacement |      762530      1.01%      1.01% |      471866      0.62%      1.63% |    74047853     97.67%     99.29% |      534738      0.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.L0_Replacement::total     75816987                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data      |      388532     27.09%     27.09% |      301349     21.02%     48.11% |      409783     28.58%     76.69% |      334300     23.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data::total      1433964                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      397442      0.52%      0.52% |      185985      0.24%      0.76% |    76059879     98.96%     99.72% |      217641      0.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total     76860947                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Load    |      274084      0.41%      0.41% |      163095      0.25%      0.66% |    65587569     99.05%     99.71% |      189197      0.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Load::total     66213945                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |      403566      4.46%      4.46% |      261601      2.89%      7.35% |     8088993     89.41%     96.76% |      293279      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total      9047439                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Store   |      102149      3.38%      3.38% |       60847      2.01%      5.40% |     2790006     92.39%     97.79% |       66853      2.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Store::total      3019855                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Inv     |       70931     20.91%     20.91% |       54841     16.16%     37.07% |      160462     47.29%     84.36% |       53056     15.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Inv::total       339290                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      192198     30.61%     30.61% |      146101     23.27%     53.88% |      115072     18.33%     72.21% |      174451     27.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       627822                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     6846172     29.69%     29.69% |     4241780     18.39%     48.08% |     7459589     32.35%     80.43% |     4512116     19.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     23059657                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        6175     45.17%     45.17% |        1791     13.10%     58.27% |        3094     22.63%     80.90% |        2612     19.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Store::total        13672                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        5547     16.81%     16.81% |        6307     19.11%     35.92% |       13771     41.73%     77.66% |        7372     22.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total        32997                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.L0_Replacement |      376792     27.16%     27.16% |      293239     21.14%     48.30% |      392918     28.32%     76.62% |      324317     23.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.L0_Replacement::total      1387266                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Load    |      475968      0.21%      0.21% |      220367      0.10%      0.31% |   221596554     99.57%     99.88% |      259490      0.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Load::total    222552379                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Ifetch  |     3205272      0.00%      0.00% |      355233      0.00%      0.00% |18446744072775424000    100.00%    100.00% |     1608215      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Ifetch::total 18446744072780593152                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       64504      1.37%      1.37% |       30783      0.65%      2.02% |     4581903     97.32%     99.35% |       30698      0.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Store::total      4707888                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        4686      0.20%      0.20% |        3197      0.13%      0.33% |     2384708     99.54%     99.87% |        3106      0.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total      2395697                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.L0_Replacement |      219943      0.33%      0.33% |       89358      0.13%      0.46% |    66300153     99.37%     99.83% |      114372      0.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.L0_Replacement::total     66723826                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     1080209      1.43%      1.43% |      546740      0.72%      2.15% |    73236564     96.87%     99.02% |      741365      0.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     75604878                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     1342326      2.62%      2.62% |      710661      1.39%      4.01% |    48149949     94.16%     98.17% |      934289      1.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     51137225                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |        7035     19.80%     19.80% |        4152     11.69%     31.49% |       20225     56.92%     88.41% |        4118     11.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total        35530                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.L0_Replacement |      165795      2.15%      2.15% |       89269      1.16%      3.31% |     7354782     95.44%     98.75% |       96049      1.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.L0_Replacement::total      7705895                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data |      314710     27.72%     27.72% |      243816     21.48%     49.20% |      317186     27.94%     77.14% |      259456     22.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data::total      1135168                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data_Exclusive |       88856      1.12%      1.12% |       17785      0.22%      1.35% |     7771807     98.22%     99.57% |       33823      0.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data_Exclusive::total      7912271                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Inv::total            1                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |       73822     24.71%     24.71% |       57533     19.25%     43.96% |       92597     30.99%     74.95% |       74844     25.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total       298796                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      200262      0.30%      0.30% |      105562      0.16%      0.46% |    65494972     99.36%     99.83% |      114353      0.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total     65915149                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Exclusive |      102149      3.38%      3.38% |       60847      2.01%      5.40% |     2790006     92.39%     97.79% |       66853      2.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Exclusive::total      3019855                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Data_Exclusive |        6175     45.17%     45.17% |        1791     13.10%     58.27% |        3094     22.63%     80.90% |        2612     19.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Data_Exclusive::total        13672                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |      677650      0.90%      0.90% |      424696      0.56%      1.46% |    73676563     97.89%     99.36% |      482476      0.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     75261385                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |      108324      3.57%      3.57% |       62638      2.06%      5.64% |     2793100     92.07%     97.71% |       69465      2.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      3033527                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WriteBack |      385738      0.52%      0.52% |      178627      0.24%      0.76% |    73654935     98.96%     99.72% |      210421      0.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WriteBack::total     74429721                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_DataAck |        7035     19.80%     19.80% |        4152     11.69%     31.49% |       20225     56.92%     88.41% |        4118     11.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_DataAck::total        35530                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       23422     26.17%     26.17% |       28112     31.41%     57.58% |       12137     13.56%     71.14% |       25835     28.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        89506                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Own |      150188      2.73%      2.73% |      104684      1.90%      4.63% |     5150196     93.50%     98.13% |      102902      1.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Own::total      5507970                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Else |       26210     26.46%     26.46% |       32310     32.62%     59.08% |        8138      8.22%     67.29% |       32402     32.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        99060                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      170994      1.61%      1.61% |       86902      0.82%      2.44% |    10238241     96.69%     99.13% |       92050      0.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total     10588187                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |        1845     38.55%     38.55% |         854     17.84%     56.39% |        1216     25.41%     81.80% |         871     18.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         4786                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        9393     30.13%     30.13% |        9465     30.37%     60.50% |        4087     13.11%     73.61% |        8225     26.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        31170                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |        3124     47.30%     47.30% |         245      3.71%     51.01% |        1367     20.70%     71.71% |        1868     28.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total         6604                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |       79230      0.83%      0.83% |       32902      0.34%      1.17% |     9410179     98.45%     99.62% |       36102      0.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      9558413                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |        8086     25.94%     25.94% |        8974     28.79%     54.73% |        5458     17.51%     72.24% |        8652     27.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        31170                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |       99191      9.36%      9.36% |       66893      6.31%     15.68% |      826514     78.01%     93.69% |       66858      6.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      1059456                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Ack    |       81164      2.93%      2.93% |       64345      2.32%      5.26% |     2558942     92.45%     97.70% |       63534      2.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Ack::total      2767985                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |       21846     52.92%     52.92% |        3395      8.22%     61.14% |        9375     22.71%     83.85% |        6669     16.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total        41285                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |       10538     47.23%     47.23% |        2388     10.70%     57.93% |        4647     20.83%     78.76% |        4739     21.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        22312                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      100532      0.98%      0.98% |       35495      0.35%      1.33% |    10064527     98.27%     99.60% |       41400      0.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total     10241954                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |      157790      1.59%      1.59% |       93018      0.94%      2.52% |     9586964     96.50%     99.02% |       97150      0.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total      9934922                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |       31840      4.42%      4.42% |       15996      2.22%      6.64% |      656553     91.10%     97.73% |       16330      2.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total       720719                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Inv     |        6630     24.46%     24.46% |        6969     25.71%     50.16% |        8147     30.05%     80.22% |        5363     19.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Inv::total        27109                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      305695     29.20%     29.20% |      237909     22.72%     51.92% |      232310     22.19%     74.11% |      271108     25.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total      1047022                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        6327     44.33%     44.33% |        2046     14.34%     58.67% |        3194     22.38%     81.05% |        2705     18.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total        14272                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Own |       69508     20.41%     20.41% |       50457     14.82%     35.22% |      171492     50.35%     85.58% |       49115     14.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       340572                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Else |        6970     21.98%     21.98% |       10690     33.71%     55.68% |        2742      8.65%     64.33% |       11313     35.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        31715                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load   |        4277     40.99%     40.99% |        3324     31.86%     72.86% |         688      6.59%     79.45% |        2144     20.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load::total        10433                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store  |        1088     75.66%     75.66% |          97      6.75%     82.41% |          87      6.05%     88.46% |         166     11.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store::total         1438                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Inv    |       10044     22.02%     22.02% |       15950     34.96%     56.98% |        3884      8.51%     65.49% |       15743     34.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Inv::total        45621                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.L1_Replacement |       70462     20.35%     20.35% |       51407     14.85%     35.20% |      173714     50.17%     85.37% |       50650     14.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.L1_Replacement::total       346233                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.WriteBack |       77770      0.94%      0.94% |       31089      0.38%      1.32% |     8101457     98.26%     99.58% |       34520      0.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.WriteBack::total      8244836                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Own |         966      0.07%      0.07% |         245      0.02%      0.09% |     1308557     99.89%     99.98% |         291      0.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Own::total      1310059                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Else |         505     14.39%     14.39% |        1559     44.42%     58.80% |         154      4.39%     63.19% |        1292     36.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         3510                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Inv    |         285     29.35%     29.35% |         227     23.38%     52.73% |           8      0.82%     53.55% |         451     46.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Inv::total          971                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.L1_Replacement |         849      0.06%      0.06% |         207      0.02%      0.08% |     1308248     99.90%     99.98% |         252      0.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.L1_Replacement::total      1309556                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETX |           9     56.25%     56.25% |           2     12.50%     68.75% |           5     31.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETX::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETS |         103      5.12%      5.12% |        1172     58.22%     63.34% |         118      5.86%     69.20% |         620     30.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETS::total         2013                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.WriteBack |      307968      0.47%      0.47% |      147537      0.22%      0.69% |    65553478     99.05%     99.73% |      175901      0.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.WriteBack::total     66184884                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Own |        4620      0.42%      0.42% |        1640      0.15%      0.57% |     1095049     99.25%     99.81% |        2045      0.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Own::total      1103354                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Else |        5630     39.36%     39.36% |        3906     27.31%     66.66% |        1173      8.20%     74.86% |        3596     25.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        14305                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |      209888      0.33%      0.33% |       90445      0.14%      0.47% |    63856600     99.36%     99.83% |      112074      0.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total     64269007                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |       69069      3.01%      3.01% |       44499      1.94%      4.94% |     2133266     92.87%     97.81% |       50264      2.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total      2297098                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Inv    |        6462     40.89%     40.89% |        4966     31.42%     72.32% |          97      0.61%     72.93% |        4278     27.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Inv::total        15803                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement |       99683      1.12%      1.12% |       35288      0.40%      1.51% |     8756279     98.03%     99.54% |       41148      0.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement::total      8932398                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX |        1836     38.50%     38.50% |         851     17.84%     56.34% |        1211     25.39%     81.74% |         871     18.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX::total         4769                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS |        9290     31.86%     31.86% |        8293     28.44%     60.31% |        3969     13.61%     73.92% |        7604     26.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS::total        29156                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |       79230      0.83%      0.83% |       32902      0.34%      1.17% |     9410179     98.45%     99.62% |       36102      0.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      9558413                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |        8086     25.94%     25.94% |        8974     28.79%     54.73% |        5458     17.51%     72.24% |        8652     27.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        31170                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |       70474     20.41%     20.41% |       51142     14.81%     35.22% |      171327     49.61%     84.83% |       52396     15.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       345339                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |        3124     47.30%     47.30% |         245      3.71%     51.01% |        1367     20.70%     71.71% |        1868     28.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total         6604                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |       28717      4.02%      4.02% |       15751      2.21%      6.23% |      655187     91.75%     97.97% |       14462      2.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       714117                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv    |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |       21846     52.92%     52.92% |        3395      8.22%     61.14% |        9375     22.71%     83.85% |        6669     16.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total        41285                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |       10538     47.23%     47.23% |        2388     10.70%     57.93% |        4647     20.83%     78.76% |        4739     21.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total        22312                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      100532      0.98%      0.98% |       35495      0.35%      1.33% |    10064527     98.27%     99.60% |       41399      0.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total     10241953                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.Load |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.Load::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |       69508     20.41%     20.41% |       50457     14.82%     35.22% |      171492     50.35%     85.58% |       49115     14.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       340572                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |        6970     21.98%     21.98% |       10690     33.71%     55.68% |        2742      8.65%     64.33% |       11313     35.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        31715                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Ack |       76478     20.54%     20.54% |       61147     16.42%     36.97% |      174234     46.80%     83.77% |       60428     16.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Ack::total       372287                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_DataAck |         225     22.21%     22.21% |         196     19.35%     41.56% |         332     32.77%     74.33% |         260     25.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_DataAck::total         1013                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |         966      0.07%      0.07% |         245      0.02%      0.09% |     1308557     99.89%     99.98% |         291      0.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total      1310059                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |         505     14.39%     14.39% |        1559     44.42%     58.80% |         154      4.39%     63.19% |        1292     36.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         3510                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Ack |        1246      0.09%      0.09% |        1608      0.12%      0.22% |     1308379     99.68%     99.90% |        1323      0.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Ack::total      1312556                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.WriteBack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.WriteBack::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_DataAck |        6810     19.73%     19.73% |        3956     11.46%     31.19% |       19893     57.63%     88.82% |        3858     11.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_DataAck::total        34517                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |        4620      0.42%      0.42% |        1640      0.15%      0.57% |     1095049     99.25%     99.81% |        2045      0.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total      1103354                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |        5630     39.36%     39.36% |        3906     27.31%     66.66% |        1173      8.20%     74.86% |        3596     25.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        14305                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Ack |        3440      0.32%      0.32% |        1589      0.15%      0.46% |     1076329     99.37%     99.84% |        1783      0.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Ack::total      1083141                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_IL0.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_IL0.Fwd_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_IL0.L0_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_IL0.L0_Ack::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS        9935184      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX         720727      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE        15710      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX       10241955      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement       818670      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean       667593      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data       1504022      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack        1486360      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data          22823      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean        24150      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack              16962      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all           8852      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock          31170      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock     10294842      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv            194      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS      1117728      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX       386294      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS       345327      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX         6604      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE        15708      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement          527      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean         7354      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS      8440691      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX       323038      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement       816860      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean       644752      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv           93      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS        31170      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX         4785      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX     10241953      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement         1283      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean        15487      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack      1486360      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv           93      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data         1035      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data_clean          181      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all           71      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data         8611      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean         5976      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all          900      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack          16264      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all         7354      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack            698      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all          527      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data      1117722      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data       386294      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS           58      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETX            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_UPGRADE            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock        22312      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS          197      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock     10272530      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data        13170      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean        17966      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock           34      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data            7      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean           27      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock        31136      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
