
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.791923                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                791922610000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               54304663770001                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  99687                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   165091                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              282112181                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2191008                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2807.12                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   279834702                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     463429862                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     60283136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          60283136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     31990720                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       31990720                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       941924                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             941924                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       499855                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            499855                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     76122509                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             76122509                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     40396271                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            40396271                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    116518780                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           116518780                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     941924                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    499855                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   941924                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  499855                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              60245632                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  37504                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               31990912                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               60283136                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            31990720                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   586                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            59597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            59976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            59578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            60182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            63807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            59118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            57447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            55096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            55488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            56320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           56108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           55366                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           61580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           61420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           59523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           60732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            30605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            30948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            29959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            30073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            33522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            32663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            32744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            31518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            30847                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            31213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           30791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           31001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           31541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           31064                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           30832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           30537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 791923336500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               941924                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              499855                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 940038                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   1297                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                 25228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                 25722                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                 27822                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                 28160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                 28113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                 28045                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                 28026                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                 28027                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                 28029                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                 28041                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                 28057                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                 28076                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                 28047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                 28143                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                 28181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                 28084                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                 28014                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                 28014                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                    24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples      1338960                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean    68.886706                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    66.930570                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev    31.764156                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127      1260187     94.12%     94.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        76485      5.71%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383          690      0.05%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511          208      0.02%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          206      0.02%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          158      0.01%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          156      0.01%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          198      0.01%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          672      0.05%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total      1338960                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        28014                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     33.604483                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    11.315702                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-15           248      0.89%      0.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16-31        12129     43.30%     44.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::32-47        14198     50.68%     94.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::48-63         1224      4.37%     99.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::64-79           66      0.24%     99.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::80-95           25      0.09%     99.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::96-111           26      0.09%     99.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::112-127           21      0.07%     99.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-143           19      0.07%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::144-159           21      0.07%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::160-175           16      0.06%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::176-191           12      0.04%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::192-207            5      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::208-223            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::224-239            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::288-303            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        28014                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        28014                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.843150                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.832497                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.600123                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16            2393      8.54%      8.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17             383      1.37%      9.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18           24485     87.40%     97.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19             733      2.62%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20              18      0.06%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21               2      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        28014                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 18888656747                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            36538744247                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                4706690000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    20065.75                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               38815.75                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       76.08                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       40.40                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    76.12                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    40.40                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.91                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.59                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     24.59                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   44581                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  57655                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                 4.74                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               11.53                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    549268.19                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                    7.09                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy              5115285000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy              2791078125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             3739655400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy            1633620960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy         52264711200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        434948442795                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy         98582173500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          599074966980                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           748.662945                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 156586105751                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  26444080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 608893715499                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy              5027309280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy              2743075500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             3680336400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy            1606392000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy         52264711200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        434489129100                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy         98985088500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          598796041980                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           748.314360                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 158120059250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  26444080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 607359775750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     60235712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          60235712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     32086592                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       32086592                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       941183                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             941183                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       501353                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            501353                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     76062624                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             76062624                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     40517333                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            40517333                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    116579957                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           116579957                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     941183                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    501353                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   941183                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  501353                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              60197632                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  38080                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               32086528                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               60235712                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            32086592                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   595                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            59462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            60079                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            60020                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            60098                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            63895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            59007                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            57100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            54543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            56389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            56988                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           56187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           55192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           60841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           61018                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           59482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           60287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            30518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            30942                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            30526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            30275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            33599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            32737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            32645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            31325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            31572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            31616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           31058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           31116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           31352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           30790                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           30753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           30528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 791922691500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               941183                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              501353                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 939243                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   1341                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                 25303                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                 25787                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 27880                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 28241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 28229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 28138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 28108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 28108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 28113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 28123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 28141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 28160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 28129                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 28222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 28257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 28178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 28102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 28100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples      1340043                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean    68.866566                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    66.918675                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev    31.690175                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127      1261490     94.14%     94.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        76247      5.69%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383          703      0.05%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511          219      0.02%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          190      0.01%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          183      0.01%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          144      0.01%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          199      0.01%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          668      0.05%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total      1340043                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        28100                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     33.473060                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    11.246692                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-7             40      0.14%      0.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8-15           203      0.72%      0.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16-23         2773      9.87%     10.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::24-31         9616     34.22%     44.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::32-39         9908     35.26%     80.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::40-47         4200     14.95%     95.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::48-55          964      3.43%     98.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::56-63          189      0.67%     99.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::64-71           41      0.15%     99.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::72-79           18      0.06%     99.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::80-87           11      0.04%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::88-95            8      0.03%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::96-103           15      0.05%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::104-111           11      0.04%     99.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::112-119           12      0.04%     99.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::120-127           11      0.04%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-135           15      0.05%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::136-143           16      0.06%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::144-151            7      0.02%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::152-159            5      0.02%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::160-167            8      0.03%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::168-175            8      0.03%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::176-183            9      0.03%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::184-191            2      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::200-207            4      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::208-215            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::216-223            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::224-231            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::240-247            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        28100                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        28100                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.841708                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.831062                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.599890                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16            2409      8.57%      8.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17             378      1.35%      9.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18           24588     87.50%     97.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19             706      2.51%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20              15      0.05%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21               4      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        28100                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 18841725997                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            36477750997                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                4702940000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    20031.86                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               38781.86                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       76.01                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       40.52                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    76.06                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    40.52                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.91                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.59                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     24.57                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   44324                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  57573                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                 4.71                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               11.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    548979.50                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                    7.07                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy              5113924200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy              2790335625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             3734686800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy            1637126640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy         52264711200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        434662334145                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy         98833154250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          599036272860                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           748.614576                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 156948683750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  26444080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 608529927750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              5036978520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy              2748351375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             3678807600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy            1612684080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy         52264711200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        434266368255                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy         99180492750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          598788393780                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           748.304802                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 158483355000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  26444080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 606996480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     60153792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          60153792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     32067328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       32067328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       939903                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             939903                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       501052                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            501052                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     75959180                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total             75959180                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     40493007                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            40493007                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    116452187                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           116452187                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     939903                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    501052                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   939903                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  501052                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              60112128                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                  41664                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               32067584                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               60153792                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            32067328                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                   651                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            59548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            60350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            59581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            59996                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            63631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            59144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            57386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            54410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            56416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            57181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           55699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           54827                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           60567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           60842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           59291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           60383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            30747                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            31075                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            30391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            30520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            33628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            32768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            32753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            31076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            31395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            31550                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           31118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           30783                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           31274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           30772                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           30646                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           30560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 791922387500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               939903                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              501052                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 938034                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   1214                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                 25218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                 25752                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                 27873                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                 28243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                 28201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                 28119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                 28102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                 28102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                 28105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                 28115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                 28137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                 28143                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                 28122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                 28216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                 28247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                 28146                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                 28089                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                 28089                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                    28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples      1338124                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean    68.887320                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean    66.930832                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev    31.809024                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127      1259372     94.11%     94.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        76434      5.71%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383          729      0.05%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511          224      0.02%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639          167      0.01%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767          168      0.01%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895          154      0.01%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          183      0.01%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          693      0.05%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total      1338124                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        28089                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     33.439923                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    11.189537                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-7             42      0.15%      0.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::8-15           222      0.79%      0.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::16-23         2824     10.05%     10.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::24-31         9613     34.22%     45.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::32-39         9799     34.89%     80.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::40-47         4225     15.04%     95.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::48-55          963      3.43%     98.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::56-63          184      0.66%     99.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::64-71           42      0.15%     99.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::72-79           24      0.09%     99.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::80-87           14      0.05%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::88-95           14      0.05%     99.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::96-103           14      0.05%     99.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::104-111           10      0.04%     99.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::112-119           12      0.04%     99.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::120-127           14      0.05%     99.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-135           11      0.04%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::136-143           11      0.04%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::144-151           10      0.04%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::152-159           12      0.04%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::160-167            4      0.01%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::168-175            8      0.03%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::176-183            6      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::184-191            1      0.00%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::192-199            3      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::200-207            3      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::208-215            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::240-247            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::248-255            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        28089                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        28089                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.838157                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.827342                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.604628                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16            2445      8.70%      8.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::17             417      1.48%     10.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18           24487     87.18%     97.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::19             721      2.57%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::20              17      0.06%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::21               2      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        28089                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 18879218246                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            36490193246                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                4696260000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    20100.27                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               38850.27                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                       75.91                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       40.49                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                    75.96                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    40.49                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.91                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.59                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     24.57                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                   43990                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  58194                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                 4.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               11.61                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    549581.62                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                    7.09                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy              5114324880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy              2790554250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy             3733368600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy            1639563120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy         52264711200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy        434022715485                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy         99394223250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          598959460785                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           748.518584                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 157860733500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF  26444080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 607618997000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy              5021835840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy              2740089000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy             3669642600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy            1608096240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy         52264711200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy        434189054880                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy         99248311500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          598741741260                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           748.246501                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 158551676000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF  26444080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 606928159000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     60246400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          60246400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     32091264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       32091264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       941350                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             941350                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       501426                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            501426                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     76076121                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total             76076121                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     40523232                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            40523232                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    116599353                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           116599353                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     941350                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    501426                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   941350                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  501426                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              60209920                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                  36480                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               32091648                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               60246400                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            32091264                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                   570                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            59326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            59763                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            59961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            59536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            63653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            58924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            57971                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            54774                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            56229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            57074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           56195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           54878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           60581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           61776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           59652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           60487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            30504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            30923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            30514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            29966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            33698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            32721                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            32873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            31364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            31356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            31453                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           31208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           31119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           31170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           31164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           30748                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           30651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 791928332500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               941350                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              501426                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 939416                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   1363                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                 25299                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                 25754                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                 27850                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                 28266                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                 28229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                 28152                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                 28122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                 28122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                 28114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                 28136                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                 28159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                 28175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                 28139                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                 28228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                 28255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                 28185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                 28106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                 28106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                    28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples      1340359                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean    68.863270                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean    66.914685                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev    31.759923                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127      1261898     94.15%     94.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        76143      5.68%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383          714      0.05%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511          236      0.02%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639          178      0.01%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767          157      0.01%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895          157      0.01%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          194      0.01%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          682      0.05%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total      1340359                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        28106                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     33.476909                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    11.454272                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-7             46      0.16%      0.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::8-15           217      0.77%      0.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::16-23         2799      9.96%     10.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::24-31         9609     34.19%     45.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::32-39         9729     34.62%     79.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::40-47         4316     15.36%     95.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::48-55         1007      3.58%     98.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::56-63          170      0.60%     99.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::64-71           57      0.20%     99.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::72-79           18      0.06%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::80-87            9      0.03%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::88-95           10      0.04%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::96-103            5      0.02%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            9      0.03%     99.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::112-119           10      0.04%     99.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::120-127           13      0.05%     99.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-135           10      0.04%     99.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            9      0.03%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::144-151           15      0.05%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::152-159            5      0.02%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::160-167           11      0.04%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::168-175            6      0.02%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::176-183            7      0.02%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::184-191            8      0.03%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::192-199            1      0.00%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::200-207            4      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::208-215            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::216-223            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::248-255            2      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        28106                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        28106                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.840746                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.830005                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.602526                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16            2436      8.67%      8.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::17             361      1.28%      9.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18           24575     87.44%     97.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::19             714      2.54%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::20              18      0.06%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::21               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        28106                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 18865443494                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            36505068494                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                4703900000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    20052.98                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               38802.98                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                       76.03                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       40.52                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                    76.08                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    40.52                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.91                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.59                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     24.59                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                   44157                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  57695                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                 4.69                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               11.51                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    548892.09                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                    7.06                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy              5112412200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy              2789510625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy             3732261000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy            1637010000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy         52264711200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy        434833686405                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy         98682845250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          599052436680                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           748.634776                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 156765374500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF  26444080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 608714517250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy              5040418320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy              2750228250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy             3682863600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy            1613085840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy         52264711200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy        434027759985                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy         99389798250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          598768865445                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           748.280398                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 158780036501                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF  26444080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 606699798499                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      1579027428                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1428076                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2987481                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              2933830                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                    68                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                      78530                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       246016                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     2933830                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                           68                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads            5723376                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           2405981                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                  70                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                 62                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             1848716                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes             993420                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                       607709                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     377525                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    230184                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              1572781412.331122                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              6246015.668878                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.003956                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.996044                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           348928                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                36355      1.22%      1.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  2330879     78.01%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    3931      0.13%     79.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                     9144      0.31%     79.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                     24      0.00%     79.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     79.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     79.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     79.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     79.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     79.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     79.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     79.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     79.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     79.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     79.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     79.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     79.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     79.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     79.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     79.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     79.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     79.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     79.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     79.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     79.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     79.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     79.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  377525     12.63%     92.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 230184      7.70%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                   2988042                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      1581869396                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    3725260                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                      7305601                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses              7192091                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1928                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     171445                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       664510                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                     7192091                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                         1928                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           14055356                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           5840056                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                3235                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes               1535                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads             4798907                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes            2597313                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      1515331                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                     992301                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                    523030                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              1565758890.753069                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              16110505.246931                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.010184                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.989816                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                           873302                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                35134      0.48%      0.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  5739600     78.56%     79.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                    8286      0.11%     79.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                     5897      0.08%     79.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                   1446      0.02%     79.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     79.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     79.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     79.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     79.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     79.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     79.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     79.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     79.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     79.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     79.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     79.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     79.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     79.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     79.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     79.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     79.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     79.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     79.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     79.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     79.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     79.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     79.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                  992301     13.58%     92.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                 523030      7.16%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                   7305694                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      1583901617                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                  269300291                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                    442606413                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses            346579814                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses             109594681                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                    5376576                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts     16420273                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                   346579814                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                    109594681                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads          737197837                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes         276093790                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads           204618310                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes          105641720                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads           177463268                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes          152788598                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                     92899324                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                   73868036                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                  19031288                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              18281747.950809                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              1565619869.049191                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.988458                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.011542                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                         26493032                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass              3913047      0.88%      0.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                254777616     57.56%     58.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    2773      0.00%     58.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                      623      0.00%     58.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd               91015565     20.56%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                73868036     16.69%     95.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite               19031288      4.30%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                 442608948                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      1585784048                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    2145077                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      4303723                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              4192311                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                   372                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                      88814                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       372721                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     4192311                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                          372                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads            8080204                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           3429703                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                 596                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                261                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             2736922                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            1650494                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                       837943                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                     517697                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    320246                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              1574287822.387536                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              11496225.612464                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.007250                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.992750                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                           492769                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                33405      0.78%      0.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  3418352     79.43%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                    3864      0.09%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    10003      0.23%     80.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                    244      0.01%     80.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     80.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     80.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     80.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     80.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     80.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     80.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     80.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     80.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     80.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     80.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     80.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     80.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     80.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     80.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     80.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     80.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                  517697     12.03%     92.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 320246      7.44%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   4303811                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  554                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 554                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1805                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1805                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq                75                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp               75                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           30                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           30                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          644                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          174                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          446                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1274                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          860                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1324                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          588                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          452                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1058                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          622                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          458                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1088                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    4868                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           60                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           64                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           64                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           60                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          364                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           87                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          892                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1363                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          490                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          900                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1418                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          330                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1267                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          350                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          916                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1282                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     5578                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              2353500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                21497                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy              111500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy              585984                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              594982                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy              657774                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy              607484                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              106941                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy              928500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy              919500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy              755000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy              774500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages          886                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes      3629056                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs          886                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           37                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes       151552                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           37                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples    486344138                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000668                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   486343921    100.00%    100.00% |         217      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total    486344138                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples      486344138                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          2.288054                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.062217                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev        14.168163                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |   482764399     99.26%     99.26% |     3508239      0.72%     99.99% |       11421      0.00%     99.99% |       18484      0.00%     99.99% |       29980      0.01%    100.00% |       11482      0.00%    100.00% |         107      0.00%    100.00% |          25      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total        486344138                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    478844555                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   478844555    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    478844555                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      7499583                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    84.529653                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    50.109242                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    78.409631                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     3919844     52.27%     52.27% |     3508239     46.78%     99.05% |       11421      0.15%     99.20% |       18484      0.25%     99.45% |       29980      0.40%     99.85% |       11482      0.15%    100.00% |         107      0.00%    100.00% |          25      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      7499583                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits       598541                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        15281                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       613822                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits      1826864                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses        18287                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses      1845151                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1466538                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses        50822                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1517360                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits      4727317                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses        28025                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4755342                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles             4                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits    104465821                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses      7302315                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    111768136                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits    362170404                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        21808                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses    362192212                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles            23                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits       797889                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        42149                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       840038                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits      2791181                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        20896                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses      2812077                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits      3741046                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses      3758537                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses      7499583                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     0.011025                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::0        33568                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::2         5369                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        22476                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        22833                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::2         3581                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         9176                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        53788                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        17118                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          456                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        51286                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       268544                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       386568                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      1618272                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1643976                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        28648                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       660672                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       430304                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       136944                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         3648                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       410288                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized     0.023771                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Request_Control::0        78847                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Data::2        18032                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        55101                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        11489                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2732                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        45140                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       143888                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         5805                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1210                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       105651                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       630776                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1298304                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3967272                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       827208                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        21856                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      3250080                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1151104                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        46440                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         9680                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       845208                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized     2.271975                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::0      7324123                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Data::2      3657184                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3633069                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        35555                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::2         1822                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      5184278                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     14586592                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         1713                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          123                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      9433141                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     58592984                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    263317248                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    261580968                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      2559960                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        14576                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    373268016                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    116692736                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        13704                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0          984                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     75465128                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized     0.020450                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Request_Control::0        63045                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Data::2        27294                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        30400                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        31899                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2589                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        23978                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        94340                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        26570                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          646                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        86237                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       504360                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1965168                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      2188800                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      2296728                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        20712                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      1726416                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       754720                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       212560                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         5168                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       689896                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     3.304135                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::0      7499583                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::1      3707820                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::2      7416759                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3741046                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::2         5869                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      7263890                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     14878608                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      4002636                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        51206                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1         1490                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         2325                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::1           15                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     13384731                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     59996664                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     29662560                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    534006648                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    269355312                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        46952                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    523000080                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    119028864                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     32021088                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       409648                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1        11920                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        18600                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::1          120                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2    107077848                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.250083                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::1       927785                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::2       942144                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       499263                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      1013535                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1184                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          498                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::1            5                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       928063                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      7422280                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     67834368                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     35946936                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      8108280                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         9472                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         3984                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::1           40                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      7424504                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.250210                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::1       927048                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::2       941407                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       500761                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      1016419                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1184                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          394                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::1            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       927218                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      7416384                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     67781304                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     36054792                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      8131352                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         9472                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         3152                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      7417744                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.249933                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::1       925770                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::2       940129                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       500460                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      1015743                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1184                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          324                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::1            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       925868                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      7406160                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     67689288                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     36033120                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      8125944                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         9472                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         2592                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      7406944                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.250246                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::1       927217                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::2       941574                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       500834                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      1016443                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1184                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          274                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       927267                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      7417736                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     67793328                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     36060048                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      8131544                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         9472                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         2192                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::1           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      7418136                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.009131                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::2        56706                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          430                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::2           15                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        59504                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         4736                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      4082832                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        30960                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2          120                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       476032                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        37888                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.603724                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Request_Control::0      7499583                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Request_Control::1      3707820                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::2      7473299                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3741046                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        51103                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::2         8304                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      7263890                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     14878608                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      4062140                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         4736                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        51206                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1         1490                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         2435                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::1           15                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     13384731                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     59996664                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     29662560                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    538077528                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    269355312                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      3679416                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        66432                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    523000080                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    119028864                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     32497120                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        37888                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       409648                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1        11920                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        19480                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::1          120                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2    107077848                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control     33622209                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     22419897                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data     11223138                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data       153309                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control        24912                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data     21791670                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     56836452                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Forwarded_Control       158088                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Invalidate_Control         7240                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Unblock_Control     40154193                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control    268977672                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   1614232584                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.ResponseL2hit_Data    808065936                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.ResponseLocal_Data     11038248                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control       199296                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data   1569000240                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    454691616                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Forwarded_Control      1264704                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Invalidate_Control        57920                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Unblock_Control    321233544                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     0.011035                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2         5369                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        22476                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         5719                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         3025                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        26894                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        17118                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          456                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       386568                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      1618272                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       411768                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        24200                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       215152                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       136944                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         3648                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     0.011015                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        33568                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        17114                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          556                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         9176                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        26894                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        51286                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       268544                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1232208                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         4448                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       660672                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       215152                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       410288                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization     0.024932                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        17973                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        55101                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         5758                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         1334                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        71944                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         5805                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1210                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1294056                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3967272                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       414576                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        10672                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       575552                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        46440                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         9680                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization     0.022610                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        78847                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2           59                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         5731                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         1398                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        45140                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        71944                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       105651                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       630776                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2         4248                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       412632                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        11184                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      3250080                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       575552                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       845208                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization     2.311266                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2      3657184                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3633069                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        33856                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         1651                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      7293296                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         1713                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          123                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    263317248                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    261580968                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      2437632                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        13208                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     58346368                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        13704                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0          984                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization     2.232684                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0      7324123                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         1699                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          171                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      5184278                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      7293296                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      9433141                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     58592984                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       122328                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         1368                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    373268016                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     58346368                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     75465128                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization     0.020316                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        27294                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        30400                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         5340                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         1849                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        47170                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        26570                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          646                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1965168                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      2188800                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       384480                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        14792                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       377360                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       212560                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         5168                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization     0.020584                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        63045                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        26559                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          740                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        23978                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        47170                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        86237                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       504360                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1912248                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         5920                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      1726416                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       377360                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       689896                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     3.388984                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::0      7499583                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2      3707879                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2          430                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      5262572                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      7439304                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      2001318                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1         1490                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::1           15                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      9676315                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     59996664                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    266967288                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         3440                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    378905184                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     59514432                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     16010544                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1        11920                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::1          120                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     77410520                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     3.219286                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1      3707820                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2      3708880                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3741046                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         5439                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      2001318                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      7439304                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      2001318                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        51206                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         2325                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      3708416                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     29662560                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    267039360                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    269355312                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        43512                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    144094896                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     59514432                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     16010544                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       409648                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        18600                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     29667328                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.216753                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1       927785                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2          220                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       499263                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       514272                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          592                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       928063                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      7422280                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        15840                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     35946936                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      4114176                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         4736                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      7424504                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.283414                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2       941924                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       499263                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          592                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          498                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::1            5                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     67818528                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      3994104                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         4736                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         3984                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::1           40                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.217173                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1       927048                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2          224                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       500761                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       515658                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          592                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       927218                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      7416384                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        16128                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     36054792                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      4125264                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         4736                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      7417744                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.283247                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2       941183                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       500761                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          592                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          394                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::1            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     67765176                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      4006088                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         4736                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         3152                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.216994                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1       925770                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2          226                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       500460                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       515283                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          592                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       925868                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      7406160                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        16272                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     36033120                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      4122264                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         4736                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      7406944                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.282872                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2       939903                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       500460                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          592                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          324                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::1            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     67673016                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      4003680                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         4736                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         2592                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.217199                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1       927217                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2          224                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       500834                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       515609                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          592                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       927267                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      7417736                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        16128                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     36060048                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      4124872                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         4736                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      7418136                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.283293                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2       941350                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       500834                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          592                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          274                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     67777200                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      4006672                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         4736                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         2192                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::1           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.016309                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        56706                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          430                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2           15                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         2368                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      4082832                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        30960                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2          120                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        18944                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.001953                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        59504                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         2368                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       476032                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        18944                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.011035                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2         5369                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        22476                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         5719                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         3025                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        26894                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        17118                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          456                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       386568                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      1618272                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       411768                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        24200                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       215152                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       136944                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         3648                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.024932                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2        17973                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        55101                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         5758                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         1334                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        71944                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         5805                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1210                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1294056                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3967272                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       414576                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        10672                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       575552                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        46440                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         9680                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.link_utilization     2.311266                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::2      3657184                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3633069                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        33856                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::2         1651                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      7293296                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         1713                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          123                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    263317248                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    261580968                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      2437632                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        13208                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     58346368                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        13704                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0          984                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.link_utilization     0.020316                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::2        27294                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        30400                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         5340                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::2         1849                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        47170                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        26570                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          646                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1965168                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      2188800                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       384480                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        14792                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       377360                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       212560                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         5168                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.link_utilization     3.388984                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::0      7499583                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::2      3707879                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::2          430                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      5262572                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      7439304                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      2001318                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1         1490                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::1           15                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      9676315                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     59996664                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    266967288                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         3440                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    378905184                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     59514432                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     16010544                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1        11920                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::1          120                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     77410520                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.link_utilization     0.216753                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::1       927785                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::2          220                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       499263                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       514272                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          592                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       928063                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      7422280                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        15840                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     35946936                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      4114176                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         4736                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      7424504                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.link_utilization     0.217173                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Request_Control::1       927048                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::2          224                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       500761                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       515658                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          592                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       927218                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      7416384                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        16128                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     36054792                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      4125264                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         4736                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      7417744                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.link_utilization     0.216994                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Request_Control::1       925770                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::2          226                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       500460                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       515283                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          592                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       925868                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      7406160                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        16272                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     36033120                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      4122264                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         4736                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      7406944                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.link_utilization     0.217199                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Request_Control::1       927217                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::2          224                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       500834                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       515609                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          592                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       927267                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      7417736                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        16128                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     36060048                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      4124872                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         4736                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      7418136                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.link_utilization     0.016309                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::2        56706                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          430                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Control::2           15                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         2368                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      4082832                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        30960                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2          120                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        18944                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle10.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples     89355852                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       4.473187                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.222530                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     22.088848                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |    87692826     98.14%     98.14% |     1632886      1.83%     99.97% |        4289      0.00%     99.97% |        6970      0.01%     99.98% |       13737      0.02%     99.99% |        5085      0.01%    100.00% |          42      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total      89355852                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     84325616                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    84325616    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     84325616                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5030236                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    62.696831                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    35.485910                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    71.239216                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     3367210     66.94%     66.94% |     1632886     32.46%     99.40% |        4289      0.09%     99.49% |        6970      0.14%     99.62% |       13737      0.27%     99.90% |        5085      0.10%    100.00% |          42      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      5030236                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     14997185                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.135609                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.007268                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      4.355318                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    14992708     99.97%     99.97% |        4229      0.03%    100.00% |          47      0.00%    100.00% |          39      0.00%    100.00% |         103      0.00%    100.00% |          58      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      14997185                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     14969034                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    14969034    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     14969034                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        28151                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    73.244325                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    47.358322                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    69.972689                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |       23674     84.10%     84.10% |        4229     15.02%     99.12% |          47      0.17%     99.29% |          39      0.14%     99.42% |         103      0.37%     99.79% |          58      0.21%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        28151                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples    371604782                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.006670                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000730                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.752564                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |   371599650    100.00%    100.00% |        4980      0.00%    100.00% |          35      0.00%    100.00% |          23      0.00%    100.00% |          61      0.00%    100.00% |          33      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total    371604782                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    371515766                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   371515766    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    371515766                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        89016                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    28.845241                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    21.046724                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    39.863897                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       83884     94.23%     94.23% |        4980      5.59%     99.83% |          35      0.04%     99.87% |          23      0.03%     99.89% |          61      0.07%     99.96% |          33      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        89016                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       175055                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.645626                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.117259                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    14.535258                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |      174290     99.56%     99.56% |         726      0.41%     99.98% |          11      0.01%     99.98% |           9      0.01%     99.99% |          12      0.01%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       175055                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       169559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      169559    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       169559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         5496                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    53.415393                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    34.179785                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    63.788223                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        4731     86.08%     86.08% |         726     13.21%     99.29% |          11      0.20%     99.49% |           9      0.16%     99.65% |          12      0.22%     99.87% |           6      0.11%     99.98% |           1      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         5496                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      5105632                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean    61.969425                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     8.626975                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    81.899547                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |     3199293     62.66%     62.66% |     1865418     36.54%     99.20% |        7039      0.14%     99.34% |       11443      0.22%     99.56% |       16067      0.31%     99.88% |        6300      0.12%    100.00% |          63      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      5105632                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2758948                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     2758948    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      2758948                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2346684                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   133.649920                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   108.674632                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    71.309430                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      440345     18.76%     18.76% |     1865418     79.49%     98.26% |        7039      0.30%     98.56% |       11443      0.49%     99.04% |       16067      0.68%     99.73% |        6300      0.27%    100.00% |          63      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      2346684                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples      5105632                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5105632    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total      5105632                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5105632                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5105632    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      5105632                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |      500333     24.95%     24.95% |      501840     25.02%     49.97% |      501537     25.01%     74.97% |      501931     25.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total      2005641                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS    |      427452     25.11%     25.11% |      425208     24.98%     50.09% |      424233     24.92%     75.02% |      425286     24.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS::total      1702179                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX    |      499252     24.95%     24.95% |      500750     25.02%     49.97% |      500453     25.01%     74.98% |      500813     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX::total      2001268                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTO_SHARERS |          11     22.00%     22.00% |          11     22.00%     44.00% |           7     14.00%     58.00% |          21     42.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTO_SHARERS::total           50                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Unblock |      125769     25.08%     25.08% |      125518     25.03%     50.11% |      125119     24.95%     75.06% |      125047     24.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Unblock::total       501453                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Last_Unblock |      301683     25.13%     25.13% |      299690     24.96%     50.08% |      299114     24.91%     75.00% |      300239     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Last_Unblock::total      1200726                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      500925     24.95%     24.95% |      502432     25.02%     49.97% |      502129     25.01%     74.97% |      502523     25.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2008009                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Dirty_Writeback |      499263     24.95%     24.95% |      500761     25.02%     49.97% |      500460     25.01%     74.97% |      500834     25.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Dirty_Writeback::total      2001318                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      941924     25.02%     25.02% |      941183     25.00%     50.02% |      939903     24.97%     74.99% |      941350     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      3764360                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      499855     24.95%     24.95% |      501353     25.02%     49.97% |      501052     25.01%     74.97% |      501426     25.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      2003686                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |       14417     25.23%     25.23% |       14305     25.04%     50.27% |       14231     24.91%     75.18% |       14183     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total        57136                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |         592     25.00%     25.00% |         592     25.00%     50.00% |         592     25.00%     75.00% |         592     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         2368                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_ACK |         278     46.64%     46.64% |         170     28.52%     75.17% |          98     16.44%     91.61% |          50      8.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_ACK::total          596                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |         220     24.61%     24.61% |         224     25.06%     49.66% |         226     25.28%     74.94% |         224     25.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total          894                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX  |      446700     24.92%     24.92% |      448226     25.01%     49.93% |      448272     25.01%     74.95% |      449023     25.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX::total      1792221                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETS  |      125769     25.08%     25.08% |      125518     25.03%     50.11% |      125119     24.95%     75.06% |      125047     24.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETS::total       501453                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Memory_Ack |      499251     24.95%     24.95% |      500750     25.02%     49.97% |      500453     25.01%     74.98% |      500813     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Memory_Ack::total      2001267                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |       14139     25.01%     25.01% |       14135     25.00%     50.01% |       14133     25.00%     75.00% |       14133     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total        56540                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |         367     25.15%     25.15% |         364     24.95%     50.10% |         362     24.81%     74.91% |         366     25.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total         1459                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETX  |       53633     25.13%     25.13% |       53614     25.12%     50.25% |       53265     24.96%     75.21% |       52908     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETX::total       213420                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETS  |      301683     25.13%     25.13% |      299690     24.96%     50.08% |      299114     24.91%     75.00% |      300239     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETS::total      1200726                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.Memory_Ack |          11     22.00%     22.00% |          11     22.00%     44.00% |           7     14.00%     58.00% |          21     42.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.Memory_Ack::total           50                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.DMA_WRITE |           5     33.33%     33.33% |           4     26.67%     60.00% |           4     26.67%     86.67% |           2     13.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.DMA_WRITE::total           15                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX  |      499252     24.95%     24.95% |      500750     25.02%     49.97% |      500453     25.01%     74.98% |      500813     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX::total      2001268                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTO_SHARERS |          11     22.00%     22.00% |          11     22.00%     44.00% |           7     14.00%     58.00% |          21     42.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTO_SHARERS::total           50                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |         278     46.64%     46.64% |         170     28.52%     75.17% |          98     16.44%     91.61% |          50      8.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total          596                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         220     24.61%     24.61% |         224     25.06%     49.66% |         226     25.28%     74.94% |         224     25.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          894                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Unblock |      125769     25.08%     25.08% |      125518     25.03%     50.11% |      125119     24.95%     75.06% |      125047     24.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Unblock::total       501453                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Memory_Data |      125769     25.08%     25.08% |      125518     25.03%     50.11% |      125119     24.95%     75.06% |      125047     24.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Memory_Data::total       501453                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Last_Unblock |      301683     25.13%     25.13% |      299690     24.96%     50.08% |      299114     24.91%     75.00% |      300239     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Last_Unblock::total      1200726                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Memory_Data |      301683     25.13%     25.13% |      299690     24.96%     50.08% |      299114     24.91%     75.00% |      300239     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Memory_Data::total      1200726                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock |      500333     24.95%     24.95% |      501840     25.02%     49.97% |      501537     25.01%     74.97% |      501931     25.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2005641                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Data |      500333     24.95%     24.95% |      501840     25.02%     49.97% |      501537     25.01%     74.97% |      501931     25.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Data::total      2005641                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Ack |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Ack::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Dirty_Writeback |      499252     24.95%     24.95% |      500750     25.02%     49.97% |      500453     25.01%     74.98% |      500813     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Dirty_Writeback::total      2001268                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MIS.Dirty_Writeback |          11     22.00%     22.00% |          11     22.00%     44.00% |           7     14.00%     58.00% |          21     42.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MIS.Dirty_Writeback::total           50                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_M.Memory_Data |       14139     25.01%     25.01% |       14135     25.00%     50.01% |       14133     25.00%     75.00% |       14133     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_M.Memory_Data::total        56540                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Exclusive_Unblock |         592     25.00%     25.00% |         592     25.00%     50.00% |         592     25.00%     75.00% |         592     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Exclusive_Unblock::total         2368                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Memory_Ack |         592     25.00%     25.00% |         592     25.00%     50.00% |         592     25.00%     75.00% |         592     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Memory_Ack::total         2368                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.OI_D.Data |         220     24.61%     24.61% |         224     25.06%     49.66% |         226     25.28%     74.94% |         224     25.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.OI_D.Data::total          894                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MD.DMA_ACK |         278     46.64%     46.64% |         170     28.52%     75.17% |          98     16.44%     91.61% |          50      8.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MD.DMA_ACK::total          596                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |       57136    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total        57136                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        2368    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         2368                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |       57136    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total          57136                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.DMA_Ack       |        2368    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.DMA_Ack::total         2368                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Inv_Ack       |          15    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Inv_Ack::total           15                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.All_Acks      |        2368    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.All_Acks::total         2368                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |       57136    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total        57136                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        2368    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         2368                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |       57136    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total        57136                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.DMA_Ack |        2368    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.DMA_Ack::total         2368                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Inv_Ack |          15    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Inv_Ack::total           15                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.All_Acks |        2368    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.All_Acks::total         2368                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |      355763      0.40%      0.40% |      913713      1.02%      1.42% |    87631567     98.07%     99.49% |      454818      0.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     89355861                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     1845151      0.50%      0.50% |     4755342      1.28%      1.78% |   362192212     97.47%     99.24% |     2812077      0.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    371604782                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |      258059      1.02%      1.02% |      603650      2.38%      3.39% |    24136578     95.09%     98.48% |      385220      1.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     25383507                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |       28668      0.39%      0.39% |       73292      0.98%      1.37% |     7294147     97.97%     99.34% |       49204      0.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      7445311                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Own_GETX  |           4      9.09%      9.09% |          15     34.09%     43.18% |          14     31.82%     75.00% |          11     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Own_GETX::total           44                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |        1458     26.80%     26.80% |        1344     24.70%     51.50% |         366      6.73%     58.22% |        2273     41.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         5441                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |       15577     34.28%     34.28% |        4315      9.50%     43.78% |        1328      2.92%     46.70% |       24221     53.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        45441                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_DMA   |         100     23.26%     23.26% |         188     43.72%     66.98% |          48     11.16%     78.14% |          94     21.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_DMA::total          430                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |         456     18.73%     18.73% |        1210     49.69%     68.42% |         123      5.05%     73.47% |         646     26.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total         2435                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |        3025     38.49%     38.49% |        1334     16.97%     55.47% |        1651     21.01%     76.47% |        1849     23.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total         7859                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |       24169      0.62%      0.62% |       40606      1.04%      1.66% |     3791416     97.35%     99.01% |       38378      0.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total      3894569                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data |        9395      0.26%      0.26% |       38226      1.06%      1.32% |     3532693     98.00%     99.32% |       24656      0.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total      3604970                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |       17718      0.81%      0.81% |       26804      1.23%      2.05% |     2109018     96.89%     98.93% |       23192      1.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total      2176732                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack_Data |        9176      0.17%      0.17% |       45140      0.86%      1.03% |     5184278     98.51%     99.54% |       23978      0.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack_Data::total      5262572                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks  |        4696      0.20%      0.20% |       14086      0.59%      0.79% |     2342694     98.42%     99.21% |       18855      0.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks::total      2380331                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_Timeout |        9399      0.26%      0.26% |       38241      1.06%      1.32% |     3532707     97.99%     99.32% |       24667      0.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_Timeout::total      3605014                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       10585      0.21%      0.21% |       36736      0.73%      0.94% |     4959621     98.60%     99.54% |       23294      0.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total      5030236                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |       18287     20.54%     20.54% |       28025     31.48%     52.03% |       21808     24.50%     76.53% |       20896     23.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total        89016                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |        2359      0.10%      0.10% |       11131      0.48%      0.58% |     2313304     99.10%     99.68% |        7527      0.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total      2334321                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        1774     30.23%     30.23% |        1348     22.97%     53.20% |         712     12.13%     65.34% |        2034     34.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total         5868                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       81090      0.15%      0.15% |      147307      0.27%      0.42% |    54660570     99.37%     99.78% |      118640      0.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total     55007607                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     1826864      0.49%      0.49% |     4727317      1.27%      1.76% |   362170404     97.48%     99.25% |     2791181      0.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total    371515766                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        2333      5.08%      5.08% |        2940      6.40%     11.47% |       29376     63.91%     75.38% |       11317     24.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total        45966                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |       21188      0.55%      0.55% |       36774      0.96%      1.51% |     3761779     97.81%     99.32% |       26119      0.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total      3845860                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Fwd_GETS |        3568     57.92%     57.92% |        1070     17.37%     75.29% |         496      8.05%     83.34% |        1026     16.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Fwd_GETS::total         6160                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |         456     18.73%     18.73% |        1210     49.69%     68.42% |         123      5.05%     73.47% |         646     26.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         2435                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load    |         967     29.70%     29.70% |        1468     45.09%     74.79% |         107      3.29%     78.07% |         714     21.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load::total         3256                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store   |           4      9.09%      9.09% |          15     34.09%     43.18% |          14     31.82%     75.00% |          11     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store::total           44                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_Replacement |         263     42.76%     42.76% |         116     18.86%     61.63% |          75     12.20%     73.82% |         161     26.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_Replacement::total          615                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETX |         916     27.34%     27.34% |         706     21.07%     48.40% |         161      4.80%     53.21% |        1568     46.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETX::total         3351                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETS |        8558     29.19%     29.19% |         601      2.05%     31.24% |          51      0.17%     31.42% |       20106     68.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETS::total        29316                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |       14099      0.11%      0.11% |       71107      0.57%      0.69% |    12316191     99.14%     99.82% |       22219      0.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     12423616                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |        1274      0.97%      0.97% |       18682     14.26%     15.23% |      109660     83.68%     98.91% |        1424      1.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total       131040                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |        1353      0.13%      0.13% |        3453      0.32%      0.44% |     1075102     99.40%     99.85% |        1657      0.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1081565                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |         200     26.42%     26.42% |         220     29.06%     55.48% |          21      2.77%     58.26% |         316     41.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total          757                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |        1153     28.52%     28.52% |         953     23.57%     52.09% |         280      6.93%     59.02% |        1657     40.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total         4043                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load  |        1968      1.50%      1.50% |       22979     17.51%     19.01% |      102895     78.41%     97.42% |        3392      2.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load::total       131234                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store |         740     10.20%     10.20% |         919     12.67%     22.87% |        4903     67.58%     90.45% |         693      9.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store::total         7255                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.L1_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          45    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.L1_Replacement::total           45                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETS |           6      9.68%      9.68% |          34     54.84%     64.52% |          15     24.19%     88.71% |           7     11.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETS::total           62                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_Timeout |        3963      0.33%      0.33% |       23236      1.91%      2.23% |     1185110     97.35%     99.58% |        5119      0.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_Timeout::total      1217428                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |      245902      1.47%      1.47% |      629385      3.76%      5.23% |    15584721     93.10%     98.33% |      279551      1.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total     16739559                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |      244725      1.20%      1.20% |      529901      2.60%      3.80% |    19319237     94.75%     98.55% |      295942      1.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total     20389805                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement |        4090      0.16%      0.16% |       31601      1.26%      1.42% |     2456340     97.81%     99.23% |       19233      0.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement::total      2511264                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX |         342     25.69%     25.69% |         418     31.40%     57.10% |         182     13.67%     70.77% |         389     29.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX::total         1331                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS |        2277     39.44%     39.44% |        1634     28.30%     67.73% |         460      7.97%     75.70% |        1403     24.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS::total         5774                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_DMA |         100     23.26%     23.26% |         188     43.72%     66.98% |          48     11.16%     78.14% |          94     21.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_DMA::total          430                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load |        1152      5.66%      5.66% |        4728     23.24%     28.90% |        7456     36.65%     65.55% |        7008     34.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load::total        20344                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store |        6624      0.27%      0.27% |       40062      1.62%      1.89% |     2360081     95.35%     97.24% |       68306      2.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store::total      2475073                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.L1_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          94    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.L1_Replacement::total           94                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETS |          15     17.44%     17.44% |          23     26.74%     44.19% |          26     30.23%     74.42% |          22     25.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETS::total           86                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_Timeout |        5436      0.23%      0.23% |       15005      0.63%      0.86% |     2347597     98.33%     99.18% |       19548      0.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_Timeout::total      2387586                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |        1444     38.42%     38.42% |         762     20.28%     58.70% |         614     16.34%     75.04% |         938     24.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total         3758                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data |        2359      0.10%      0.10% |       11131      0.48%      0.58% |     2313304     99.10%     99.68% |        7527      0.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data::total      2334321                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        1493     44.54%     44.54% |         362     10.80%     55.34% |         832     24.82%     80.16% |         665     19.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total         3352                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Exclusive_Data |        2333      5.08%      5.08% |        2940      6.40%     11.47% |       29376     63.91%     75.38% |       11317     24.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Exclusive_Data::total        45966                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Own_GETX |           4      9.09%      9.09% |          15     34.09%     43.18% |          14     31.82%     75.00% |          11     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Own_GETX::total           44                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack    |          88     11.75%     11.75% |         210     28.04%     39.79% |         205     27.37%     67.16% |         246     32.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack::total          749                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks |        4696      0.20%      0.20% |       14086      0.59%      0.79% |     2342694     98.42%     99.21% |       18855      0.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks::total      2380331                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |       24169      0.62%      0.62% |       40606      1.04%      1.66% |     3791416     97.35%     99.01% |       38378      0.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total      3894569                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data |        4703      0.38%      0.38% |       24155      1.97%      2.36% |     1190013     97.17%     99.53% |        5812      0.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data::total      1224683                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Load   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     14.29%     14.29% |           6     85.71%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Load::total            7                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Store  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Store::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack |       17718      0.81%      0.81% |       26804      1.23%      2.05% |     2109018     96.89%     98.93% |       23192      1.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack::total      2176732                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack_Data |        3470      0.21%      0.21% |        9970      0.60%      0.81% |     1652761     99.02%     99.82% |        2927      0.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total      1669128                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack_Data |         263     42.76%     42.76% |         116     18.86%     61.63% |          75     12.20%     73.82% |         161     26.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total          615                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack_Data |        5443      0.15%      0.15% |       35054      0.98%      1.13% |     3531442     98.29%     99.42% |       20890      0.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total      3592829                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS        5119306      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX        2380332      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTO            615      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX        3592829      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTS_only      3750346      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTS          95524      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX           894      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Fwd_DMA            596      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Inv                 15      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.All_Acks       2005641      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Data           3707820      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive           59      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_WBCLEANDATA      1669128      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_WBDIRTYDATA      3593444      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack      2001318      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock        6071301      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock      3605014      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.DmaAck             430      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement      3642597      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS      1702179      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX      1939348      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_GETS         6160      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_GETX        42640      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_PUTS_only      1660963      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_PUTS         8165      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_GETS         9817      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_GETX         2029      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_PUTX      3592829      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.Fwd_GETX           59      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.Fwd_DMA          430      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_GETS         9866      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_GETX           68      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_PUTO          342      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_GETS        19450      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_GETX         3327      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTO          273      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTS_only        10295      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTS        18441      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L1_GETS      2081573      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L1_GETX        22577      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.Inv               15      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement      1631537      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_GETS          388      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_GETX           47      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_PUTS_only          153      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_PUTS          321      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L2_Replacement           50      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_GETS        70910      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_GETX         1076      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_PUTS_only      2078935      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_PUTS        68587      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L2_Replacement         9742      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS      1218909      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX       369219      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX          835      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_DMA          166      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement      2001268      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFGX.Data_Exclusive           59      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA          342      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.Unblock        10295      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA          273      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.Unblock        18441      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSW.L1_PUTS            7      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSW.Unblock        68587      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILSW.L1_PUTS            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILSW.L1_WBCLEANDATA         8165      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IW.L1_WBCLEANDATA      1660963      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SW.Unblock      2078935      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OXW.Unblock          153      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXW.Unblock          321      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA      3592829      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLS.Unblock         6160      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOX.Unblock         9866      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOX.Exclusive_Unblock           47      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.L1_GETS           31      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.Unblock         4043      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.Exclusive_Unblock         7871      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOSX.Unblock        19450      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.L1_GETS           15      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.Exclusive_Unblock         3327      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.Data       1702179      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.Unblock      1702179      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGM.Data       1961925      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMLS.Data        43716      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.All_Acks      2005641      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.Exclusive_Unblock      2005641      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock       369219      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.Unblock      2081573      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OO.Exclusive_Unblock      1218909      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXS.Unblock          388      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.L1_GETS            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.Unblock        70910      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MI.L1_GETX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack      2001268      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSI.Writeback_Ack           50      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXD.DmaAck          430      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.325733                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1325733331500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               54838474491501                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  86740                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   152527                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              296975086                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2612896                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4464.12                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   387216768                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     680900330                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    131884032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total         131884032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     64529408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       64529408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0      2060688                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total            2060688                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1008272                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total           1008272                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     99480060                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             99480060                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     48674501                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            48674501                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    148154561                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           148154561                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                    2060688                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                   1008272                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                  2060688                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                 1008272                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM             131813632                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  70400                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               64529408                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys              131884032                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            64529408                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                  1100                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0           130116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1           130918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2           129071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3           128967                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4           136026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5           129432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6           127256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7           124175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8           125251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9           125370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10          124426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11          122385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12          132276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13          132241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14          129692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15          131986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            62237                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            62785                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            61124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            61145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            66520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            65243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            65047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            63202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            62839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            63082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           62482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           62337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           63179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           62580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           62250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           62220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 1325737949500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6              2060688                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6             1008272                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                2058043                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   1542                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                 50568                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                 51616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                 55969                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                 56769                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                 56707                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                 56630                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                 56614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                 56637                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                 56641                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                 56604                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                 56624                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                 56663                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                 56619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                 56815                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                 56906                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                 56751                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                 56542                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                 56537                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                    53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples      2622930                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean    74.856378                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    70.898770                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev    40.036066                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127      2275107     86.74%     86.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255       332031     12.66%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9968      0.38%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1628      0.06%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1621      0.06%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          592      0.02%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          370      0.01%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          310      0.01%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1303      0.05%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total      2622930                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        56537                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     36.429559                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    39.898280                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        56532     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            3      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6399            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::6400-6655            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        56537                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        56537                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.833843                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.822711                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.613615                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16            5066      8.96%      8.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17             867      1.53%     10.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18           49042     86.74%     97.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19            1526      2.70%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20              32      0.06%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21               3      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::24               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        56537                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 37791742497                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            76409017497                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat               10297940000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    18349.18                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               37099.18                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       99.43                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       48.67                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    99.48                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    48.67                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        1.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.78                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     24.55                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  332383                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 112547                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                16.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               11.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    431982.81                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   14.50                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy              9993934440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy              5453039625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             8116703400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy            3287777040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy         87130567680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        746413811550                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        145652782500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          1006048616235                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           754.157743                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 233051798001                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  44269160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 1048412684499                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy              9855473040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy              5377490250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             8025638400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy            3246758640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy         87130567680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        745510121865                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        146445492750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          1005591542625                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           753.815110                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 235232453500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  44269160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 1046232029000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    131745792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total         131745792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     64601984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       64601984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1      2058528                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            2058528                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1009406                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total           1009406                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     99375786                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             99375786                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     48729245                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            48729245                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    148105031                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           148105031                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                    2058528                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                   1009406                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                  2058528                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                 1009406                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM             131675328                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  70464                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               64601664                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys              131745792                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            64601984                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                  1101                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0           129848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1           130710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2           129590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3           128416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4           135823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5           129456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6           126891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7           123747                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8           125864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9           125817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10          124559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11          122298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12          131312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13          131937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14          129681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15          131478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            61980                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            62468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            61825                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            61057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            66549                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            65341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            64993                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            63075                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            63498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            63380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           62861                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           62550                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           63061                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           62284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           62343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           62136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 1325732352000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6              2058528                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6             1009406                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                2055886                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   1537                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                 50599                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                 51651                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 56039                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 56821                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 56809                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 56703                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 56669                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 56707                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 56687                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 56672                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 56682                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 56723                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 56693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 56867                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 56997                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 56811                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 56612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 56607                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                    52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples      2622812                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean    74.834564                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    70.881717                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev    40.047115                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127      2275873     86.77%     86.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255       331299     12.63%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9813      0.37%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1569      0.06%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1675      0.06%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          619      0.02%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          349      0.01%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          298      0.01%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1317      0.05%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total      2622812                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        56607                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     36.345629                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    53.188507                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-511        56605    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::12288-12799            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        56607                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        56607                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.831735                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.820557                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.614719                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16            5115      9.04%      9.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17             862      1.52%     10.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18           49110     86.76%     97.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19            1478      2.61%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20              37      0.07%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21               5      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        56607                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 37712117746                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            76288873996                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat               10287135000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    18329.75                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               37079.75                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       99.32                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       48.73                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    99.38                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    48.73                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        1.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.78                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     24.59                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  330971                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 113045                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                16.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               11.20                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    432125.45                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   14.48                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy              9980727120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy              5445833250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             8104847400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy            3287718720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy         87130567680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        745440409440                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        146506644000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          1005896747610                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           754.043899                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 234417854750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  44269160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 1047045337250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              9867909240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy              5384275875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             8019991200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy            3254249520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy         87130567680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        745410450240                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        146532924000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          1005600367755                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           753.821725                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 235417406000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  44269160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 1046047076500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    131642688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total         131642688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     64534976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       64534976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2      2056917                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total            2056917                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2      1008359                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total           1008359                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     99298015                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total             99298015                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     48678701                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            48678701                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    147976715                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           147976715                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                    2056917                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                   1008359                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                  2056917                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                 1008359                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM             131567616                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                  75072                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               64534720                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys              131642688                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            64534976                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                  1173                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0           129960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1           131330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2           128892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3           128490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4           135993                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5           129300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6           127161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7           123274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8           125834                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9           126440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10          123859                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11          121634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12          131324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13          131131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14          129932                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15          131190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            62264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            62599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            61522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            61374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            66685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            65303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            65115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            62778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            63343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            63464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           62644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           61885                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           63092                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           62052                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           62212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           62023                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 1325731611500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6              2056917                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6             1008359                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                2054293                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   1447                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                 50426                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                 51580                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                 55977                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                 56774                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                 56755                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                 56644                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                 56636                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                 56651                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                 56659                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                 56629                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                 56656                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                 56688                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                 56626                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                 56821                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                 56909                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                 56754                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                 56560                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                 56557                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                    50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples      2620408                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean    74.836615                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean    70.880726                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev    40.173666                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127      2273692     86.77%     86.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255       331132     12.64%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9738      0.37%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1619      0.06%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1617      0.06%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767          584      0.02%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895          367      0.01%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          305      0.01%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1354      0.05%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total      2620408                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        56557                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     36.348763                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    52.404011                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-511        56554     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::11776-12287            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        56557                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        56557                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.829004                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.817718                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.617731                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16            5157      9.12%      9.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::17             935      1.65%     10.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18           48929     86.51%     97.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::19            1499      2.65%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::20              32      0.06%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::21               5      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        56557                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 37758200496                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            76303400496                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat               10278720000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    18367.17                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               37117.17                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                       99.24                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       48.68                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                    99.30                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    48.68                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        1.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.78                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     24.58                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  330328                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 113364                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                16.07                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               11.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    432499.92                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   14.48                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy              9984537360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy              5447912250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy             8104137600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy            3289902480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy         87130567680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy        745019234730                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy        146876095500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          1005852387600                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           754.010645                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 235008713750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF  44269160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 1046455458500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy              9845690400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy              5372152500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy             8007519000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy            3245054400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy         87130567680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy        745089863715                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy        146814140250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          1005504987945                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           753.750226                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 235839127000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF  44269160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 1045625355500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    131854592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total         131854592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     64601024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       64601024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3      2060228                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total            2060228                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3      1009391                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total           1009391                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     99457854                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total             99457854                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     48728521                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            48728521                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    148186375                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           148186375                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                    2060228                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                   1009391                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                  2060228                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                 1009391                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM             131784768                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                  69824                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               64601728                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys              131854592                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            64601024                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                  1091                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0           129465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1           130160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2           129358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3           128124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4           135917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5           129089                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6           128040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7           123873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8           125939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9           126528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10          124647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11          121948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12          131967                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13          132544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14          129957                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15          131581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            61944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            62380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            61716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            60809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            66756                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            65146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            65277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            63112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            63247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            63478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           62969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           62447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           63276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           62541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           62151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           62153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 1325734678500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6              2060228                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6             1009391                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                2057534                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   1602                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                 50546                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                 51558                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                 55973                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                 56852                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                 56807                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                 56734                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                 56699                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                 56708                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                 56692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                 56698                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                 56723                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                 56760                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                 56688                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                 56871                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                 56970                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                 56822                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                 56619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                 56617                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                    50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples      2624229                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean    74.835884                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean    70.881049                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev    40.124294                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127      2277049     86.77%     86.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255       331447     12.63%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9916      0.38%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1597      0.06%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1627      0.06%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767          580      0.02%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895          365      0.01%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          315      0.01%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1333      0.05%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total      2624229                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        56617                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     36.372273                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    39.903578                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        56611     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            4      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6399            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::6400-6655            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        56617                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        56617                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.828603                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.817270                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.618939                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16            5215      9.21%      9.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::17             827      1.46%     10.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18           49068     86.67%     97.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::19            1467      2.59%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::20              37      0.07%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::21               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::23               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        56617                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 37787075494                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            76395894244                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat               10295685000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    18350.93                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               37100.93                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                       99.41                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       48.73                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                    99.46                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    48.73                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        1.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.78                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     24.54                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  331127                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 113183                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                16.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               11.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    431889.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   14.48                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy              9980893440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy              5445924000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy             8101189200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy            3286668960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy         87130567680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy        745816812075                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy        146176466250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          1005938521605                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           754.075213                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 233936838750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF  44269160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 1047527643750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy              9877994280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy              5389778625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy             8037127800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy            3255072480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy         87130567680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy        745126794585                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy        146781744750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          1005599080200                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           753.820760                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 235776649251                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF  44269160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 1045687833249                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      2651393012                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    4508094                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                      8863176                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              8741942                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                 16303                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     192796                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       707431                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     8741942                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                        16303                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           17231541                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           7066714                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads               26435                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes              12905                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             5005945                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes            3032811                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      1904944                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    1129504                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    775440                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              2630747232.531188                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              20645779.468812                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.007787                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.992213                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           996637                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                70117      0.79%      0.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  6849857     77.28%     78.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    8585      0.10%     78.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    18334      0.21%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                  12164      0.14%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                     48      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 1129504     12.74%     91.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 775440      8.75%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                   8864049                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      2650129881                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  105848531                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                    214612188                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            200703385                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses              11022497                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                    3560571                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     16828442                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   200703385                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                     11022497                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          395146392                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         160725978                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads            21537076                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes           10917411                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           118326775                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           66880166                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     42657845                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   29508100                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  13149745                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              1582111888.071446                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              1068017992.928554                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.403006                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.596994                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         24733722                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               527035      0.25%      0.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                160979440     75.01%     75.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   33183      0.02%     75.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                     7200      0.00%     75.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd               10417144      4.85%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                     32      0.00%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                29508100     13.75%     93.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               13149745      6.13%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                 214621879                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      2652481126                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                  270697692                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                    445326661                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses            349249694                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses             109597789                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                    5442280                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts     16625194                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                   349249694                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                    109597789                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads          742664941                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes         278252154                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads           204623371                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes          105644165                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads           178954492                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes          153669002                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                     93561588                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                   74272126                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                  19289462                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              1079538423.261486                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              1572942702.738514                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.593008                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.406992                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                         26786095                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass              3940754      0.88%      0.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                256795551     57.66%     58.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    5684      0.00%     58.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                     7915      0.00%     58.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd               91017907     20.44%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                74272126     16.68%     95.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite               19289462      4.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                 445329399                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      2651057476                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    2926453                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      5871661                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              5728257                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                  7824                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     131327                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       479340                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     5728257                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                         7824                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           11238850                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           4666936                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads               12908                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes               6233                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             3528814                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            2110932                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      1234967                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                     759426                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    475541                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              2635756661.687222                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              15300814.312778                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.005772                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.994228                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                           657669                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                50992      0.87%      0.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  4560524     77.67%     78.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                    6085      0.10%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    13346      0.23%     78.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   5956      0.10%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                  759426     12.93%     91.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 475541      8.10%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   5871870                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1693                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1693                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                2901                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               2901                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               132                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              132                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           48                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           50                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           48                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           48                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          194                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          724                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           60                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          780                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          768                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2350                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          872                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           70                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          442                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          810                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2222                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          588                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           62                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1032                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          760                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2452                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          622                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           66                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          762                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          770                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2234                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    9452                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           96                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          100                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           96                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           96                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          388                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          410                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          390                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2492                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          140                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          221                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1620                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           36                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2533                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          330                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          124                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          516                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2510                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          350                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          132                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          381                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1540                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2431                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    10354                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              2435500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy               225982                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             1938000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy              993974                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             1086341                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             1074770                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             1019981                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              153439                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1795000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             1652500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             1923000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             1728500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages          886                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes      3629056                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs          886                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           39                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes       159744                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           39                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   1168316809                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000001                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000001                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000981                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1168315684    100.00%    100.00% |        1125      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   1168316809                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     1168316809                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          2.659270                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.077335                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev        16.098513                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  1157833534     99.10%     99.10% |    10268920      0.88%     99.98% |       31885      0.00%     99.98% |       49863      0.00%     99.99% |       95422      0.01%    100.00% |       36720      0.00%    100.00% |         376      0.00%    100.00% |          86      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       1168316809                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   1146677777                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1146677777    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   1146677777                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     21639032                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    90.585923                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    55.801546                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    78.201519                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |    11155757     51.55%     51.55% |    10268920     47.46%     99.01% |       31885      0.15%     99.16% |       49863      0.23%     99.39% |       95422      0.44%     99.83% |       36720      0.17%    100.00% |         376      0.00%    100.00% |          86      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     21639032                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1863160                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        57903                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1921063                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits      5871447                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses        51672                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses      5923119                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles             3                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits     47494703                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses      6528106                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     54022809                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits    138501192                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses        50544                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses    138551736                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles             8                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits    105106179                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses      7328109                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    112434288                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits    364002145                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        38500                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses    364040645                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles            24                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1183791                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        55223                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1239014                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits      3810605                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        29392                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3839997                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits      5888804                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses      8250645                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses     14139449                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     0.019452                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::0       109575                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::2        24238                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        74391                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        33868                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::2         7363                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        41705                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       190974                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        22944                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          983                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       163357                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       876600                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1745136                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      5356152                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      2438496                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        58904                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      3002760                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1527792                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       183552                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         7864                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      1306856                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized     1.194124                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Request_Control::0      6578650                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Data::2      4459940                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      2106046                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        22191                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Control::2         4367                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      4629786                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     11428368                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         9591                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1538                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      7663048                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     52629200                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    321115680                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    151635312                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1597752                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        34936                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    333344592                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     91426944                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        76728                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        12304                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     61304384                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized     1.364509                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::0      7366609                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Data::2      3664455                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3663622                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        44938                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::2         4787                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      5202669                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     14662518                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         6496                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1194                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      9495199                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     58932872                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    263840760                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    263780784                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      3235536                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        38296                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    374592168                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    117300144                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        51968                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         9552                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     75961592                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized     0.016111                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Request_Control::0        84615                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Data::2        31247                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        44745                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        40833                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::2         4061                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        31661                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       131526                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        32284                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1164                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       118717                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       676920                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      2249784                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3221640                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      2939976                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        32488                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      2279592                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1052208                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       258272                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         9312                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       949736                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     3.848837                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::0     14139449                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::1      8179821                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::2     16360761                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      5888804                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::2        10835                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2     13938753                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     26413386                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      8065864                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        71315                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1         1492                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         4698                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::1           15                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     25620740                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0    113115592                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     65438568                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2   1177974792                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    423993888                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        86680                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2   1003590216                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    211307088                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     64526912                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       570520                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1        11936                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        37584                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::1          120                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2    204965920                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.318149                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::1      2046549                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::2      2060908                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      1007648                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      2030339                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1248                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          500                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::1            5                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      2046829                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     16372392                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    148385376                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     72550656                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     16242712                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         9984                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         4000                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::1           40                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     16374632                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.318040                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::1      2044393                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::2      2058752                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      1008782                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      2032493                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1248                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          394                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::1            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      2044563                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     16355144                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    148230144                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     72632304                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     16259944                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         9984                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         3152                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     16356504                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.317763                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::1      2042784                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::2      2057143                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      1007735                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      2030325                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1248                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          324                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::1            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      2042882                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     16342272                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    148114296                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     72556920                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     16242600                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         9984                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         2592                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     16343056                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.318211                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::1      2046095                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::2      2060452                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      1008767                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      2032341                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1248                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          274                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      2046145                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     16368760                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    148352544                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     72631224                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     16258728                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         9984                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         2192                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::1           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     16369160                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.005458                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::2        56706                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          432                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::2           15                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        59634                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         4992                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      4082832                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        31104                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2          120                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       477072                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        39936                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.701878                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Request_Control::0     14139449                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Request_Control::1      8179821                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::2     16417301                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      5888804                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        71131                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::2        15714                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2     13938753                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     26413386                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      8125498                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         4992                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        71315                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1         1492                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         4879                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::1           15                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     25620740                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0    113115592                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     65438568                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2   1182045672                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    423993888                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      5121432                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       125712                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2   1003590216                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    211307088                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     65003984                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        39936                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       570520                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1        11936                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        39032                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::1          120                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2    204965920                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control     66957810                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     49251903                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data     17666412                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data       213393                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control        47142                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data     41816259                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control    103631628                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Forwarded_Control       218421                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Invalidate_Control        14501                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Unblock_Control     76862220                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control    535662480                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   3546137016                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.ResponseL2hit_Data   1271981664                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.ResponseLocal_Data     15364296                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control       377136                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data   3010770648                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    829053024                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Forwarded_Control      1747368                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Invalidate_Control       116008                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Unblock_Control    614897760                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     0.020965                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        24238                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        74391                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        10935                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         6278                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        95487                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        22944                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          983                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1745136                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      5356152                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       787320                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        50224                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       763896                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       183552                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         7864                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     0.017938                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0       109575                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        22933                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         1085                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        41705                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        95487                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       163357                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       876600                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1651176                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         8680                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      3002760                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       763896                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      1306856                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization     1.224521                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2      4459881                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      2106046                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        12691                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2641                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      5714184                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         9591                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1538                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    321111432                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    151635312                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       913752                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        21128                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     45713472                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        76728                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        12304                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization     1.163728                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0      6578650                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2           59                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         9500                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         1726                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      4629786                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      5714184                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      7663048                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     52629200                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2         4248                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       684000                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        13808                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    333344592                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     45713472                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     61304384                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization     1.388695                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2      3664455                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3663622                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        38487                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         3545                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      7331259                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         6496                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1194                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    263840760                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    263780784                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      2771064                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        28360                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     58650072                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        51968                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         9552                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization     1.340322                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0      7366609                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         6451                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         1242                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      5202669                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      7331259                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      9495199                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     58932872                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       464472                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         9936                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    374592168                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     58650072                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     75961592                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization     0.016278                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        31247                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        44745                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         8586                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2803                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        65763                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        32284                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1164                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      2249784                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3221640                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       618192                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        22424                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       526104                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       258272                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         9312                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization     0.015944                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        84615                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        32247                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         1258                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        31661                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        65763                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       118717                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       676920                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      2321784                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        10064                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      2279592                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       526104                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       949736                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     3.990106                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::0     14139449                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2      8179880                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2          432                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      9905821                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     13206693                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      4032932                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1         1492                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::1           15                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     17440321                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0    113115592                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    588951360                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         3456                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    713219112                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    105653544                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     32263456                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1        11936                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::1          120                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2    139522568                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     3.707568                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1      8179821                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2      8180881                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      5888804                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        10403                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      4032932                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     13206693                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      4032932                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        71315                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         4698                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      8180419                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     65438568                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    589023432                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    423993888                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        83224                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    290371104                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    105653544                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     32263456                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       570520                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        37584                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     65443352                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.267541                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1      2046549                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2          220                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      1007648                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      1022691                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          624                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      2046829                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     16372392                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        15840                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     72550656                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      8181528                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         4992                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     16374632                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.368758                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2      2060688                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      1007648                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          624                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          500                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::1            5                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    148369536                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      8061184                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         4992                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         4000                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::1           40                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.267670                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1      2044393                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2          224                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      1008782                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      1023711                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          624                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      2044563                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     16355144                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        16128                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     72632304                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      8189688                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         4992                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     16356504                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.368410                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2      2058528                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      1008782                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          624                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          394                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::1            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    148214016                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      8070256                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         4992                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         3152                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.267409                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1      2042784                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2          226                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      1007735                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      1022590                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          624                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      2042882                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     16342272                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        16272                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     72556920                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      8180720                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         4992                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     16343056                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.368116                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2      2056917                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      1007735                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          624                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          324                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::1            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    148098024                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      8061880                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         4992                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         2592                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.267726                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1      2046095                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2          224                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      1008767                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      1023574                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          624                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      2046145                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     16368760                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        16128                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     72631224                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      8188592                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         4992                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     16369160                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.368696                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2      2060228                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      1008767                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          624                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          274                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    148336416                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      8070136                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         4992                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         2192                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::1           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.009745                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        56706                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          432                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2           15                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         2496                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      4082832                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        31104                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2          120                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        19968                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.001172                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        59634                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         2496                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       477072                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        19968                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.020965                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        24238                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        74391                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        10935                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         6278                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        95487                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        22944                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          983                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1745136                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      5356152                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       787320                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        50224                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       763896                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       183552                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         7864                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     1.224521                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2      4459881                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      2106046                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        12691                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2641                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      5714184                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         9591                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1538                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    321111432                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    151635312                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       913752                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        21128                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     45713472                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        76728                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        12304                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.link_utilization     1.388695                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::2      3664455                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3663622                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        38487                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::2         3545                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      7331259                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         6496                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1194                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    263840760                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    263780784                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      2771064                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        28360                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     58650072                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        51968                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         9552                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.link_utilization     0.016278                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::2        31247                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        44745                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         8586                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2803                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        65763                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        32284                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1164                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      2249784                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3221640                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       618192                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        22424                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       526104                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       258272                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         9312                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.link_utilization     3.990106                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::0     14139449                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::2      8179880                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::2          432                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      9905821                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     13206693                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      4032932                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1         1492                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::1           15                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     17440321                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0    113115592                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    588951360                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         3456                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    713219112                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    105653544                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     32263456                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1        11936                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::1          120                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2    139522568                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.link_utilization     0.267541                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::1      2046549                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::2          220                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      1007648                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      1022691                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          624                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      2046829                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     16372392                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        15840                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     72550656                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      8181528                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         4992                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     16374632                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.link_utilization     0.267670                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Request_Control::1      2044393                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::2          224                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      1008782                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      1023711                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          624                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      2044563                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     16355144                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        16128                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     72632304                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      8189688                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         4992                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     16356504                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.link_utilization     0.267409                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Request_Control::1      2042784                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::2          226                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      1007735                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      1022590                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          624                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      2042882                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     16342272                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        16272                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     72556920                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      8180720                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         4992                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     16343056                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.link_utilization     0.267726                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Request_Control::1      2046095                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::2          224                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      1008767                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      1023574                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          624                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      2046145                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     16368760                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        16128                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     72631224                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      8188592                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         4992                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     16369160                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.link_utilization     0.009745                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::2        56706                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2          432                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Control::2           15                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         2496                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      4082832                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        31104                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2          120                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        19968                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle10.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    216795110                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       5.684212                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.279632                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     26.015327                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   211306475     97.47%     97.47% |     5390175      2.49%     99.95% |       13068      0.01%     99.96% |       20803      0.01%     99.97% |       46921      0.02%     99.99% |       17453      0.01%    100.00% |         162      0.00%    100.00% |          50      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     216795110                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    202392751                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   202392751    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    202392751                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     14402359                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    71.510268                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    40.918785                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    74.473132                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     8913724     61.89%     61.89% |     5390175     37.43%     99.32% |       13068      0.09%     99.41% |       20803      0.14%     99.55% |       46921      0.33%     99.88% |       17453      0.12%    100.00% |         162      0.00%    100.00% |          50      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     14402359                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     41209048                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       3.383960                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.098824                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     18.676937                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    41079186     99.68%     99.68% |      118154      0.29%     99.97% |        1406      0.00%     99.98% |        2009      0.00%     99.98% |        5719      0.01%     99.99% |        2534      0.01%    100.00% |          33      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      41209048                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     40380967                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    40380967    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     40380967                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       828081                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   119.636616                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   108.833735                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    59.728023                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      698219     84.32%     84.32% |      118154     14.27%     98.59% |        1406      0.17%     98.76% |        2009      0.24%     99.00% |        5719      0.69%     99.69% |        2534      0.31%    100.00% |          33      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       828081                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples    883960279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.008357                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000897                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.848834                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |   883944417    100.00%    100.00% |       15421      0.00%    100.00% |         103      0.00%    100.00% |          69      0.00%    100.00% |         175      0.00%    100.00% |          94      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total    883960279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    883701155                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   883701155    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    883701155                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       259124                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    29.509077                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    21.290726                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    40.563707                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      243262     93.88%     93.88% |       15421      5.95%     99.83% |         103      0.04%     99.87% |          69      0.03%     99.90% |         175      0.07%     99.96% |          94      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       259124                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      1194028                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean    14.502688                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.729859                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    42.108884                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |     1180565     98.87%     98.87% |       11838      0.99%     99.86% |         135      0.01%     99.88% |          37      0.00%     99.88% |         978      0.08%     99.96% |         466      0.04%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      1194028                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1053236                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1053236    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      1053236                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       140792                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   115.513516                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   104.356351                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    58.912613                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      127329     90.44%     90.44% |       11838      8.41%     98.85% |         135      0.10%     98.94% |          37      0.03%     98.97% |         978      0.69%     99.66% |         466      0.33%     99.99% |           9      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       140792                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples     12579172                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean    64.699563                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     9.441626                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    82.633454                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |     7743719     61.56%     61.56% |     4733332     37.63%     99.19% |       17173      0.14%     99.32% |       26945      0.21%     99.54% |       41629      0.33%     99.87% |       16173      0.13%    100.00% |         172      0.00%    100.00% |          29      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total     12579172                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      6570496                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     6570496    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      6570496                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      6008676                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   134.355128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   109.966871                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    70.753822                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |     1173223     19.53%     19.53% |     4733332     78.77%     98.30% |       17173      0.29%     98.59% |       26945      0.45%     99.03% |       41629      0.69%     99.73% |       16173      0.27%    100.00% |         172      0.00%    100.00% |          29      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      6008676                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples     12579172                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    12579172    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total     12579172                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     12579172                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    12579172    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     12579172                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |     1008256     24.98%     24.98% |     1009449     25.01%     50.00% |     1008371     24.99%     74.99% |     1009445     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total      4035521                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS    |     1038293     25.05%     25.05% |     1034944     24.97%     50.03% |     1034413     24.96%     74.99% |     1036650     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS::total      4144300                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX    |     1007614     24.99%     24.99% |     1008748     25.01%     50.00% |     1007708     24.99%     74.99% |     1008720     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX::total      4032790                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTO_SHARERS |          34     23.94%     23.94% |          34     23.94%     47.89% |          27     19.01%     66.90% |          47     33.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTO_SHARERS::total          142                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Unblock |      418461     25.06%     25.06% |      417271     24.98%     50.04% |      417295     24.99%     75.02% |      417141     24.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Unblock::total      1670168                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Last_Unblock |      619832     25.05%     25.05% |      617673     24.97%     50.02% |      617118     24.94%     74.96% |      619509     25.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Last_Unblock::total      2474132                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |     1008880     24.98%     24.98% |     1010073     25.01%     50.00% |     1008995     24.99%     74.99% |     1010069     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      4038017                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Dirty_Writeback |     1007648     24.99%     24.99% |     1008782     25.01%     50.00% |     1007735     24.99%     74.99% |     1008767     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Dirty_Writeback::total      4032932                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |     2060688     25.02%     25.02% |     2058528     24.99%     50.01% |     2056917     24.97%     74.99% |     2060228     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      8236361                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |     1008272     24.99%     24.99% |     1009406     25.01%     50.00% |     1008359     24.99%     74.99% |     1009391     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      4035428                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |       14419     25.24%     25.24% |       14305     25.04%     50.27% |       14231     24.91%     75.18% |       14183     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total        57138                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |         624     25.00%     25.00% |         624     25.00%     50.00% |         624     25.00%     75.00% |         624     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         2496                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_ACK |         280     46.82%     46.82% |         170     28.43%     75.25% |          98     16.39%     91.64% |          50      8.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_ACK::total          598                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |         220     24.61%     24.61% |         224     25.06%     49.66% |         226     25.28%     74.94% |         224     25.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total          894                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX  |      696821     24.94%     24.94% |      699050     25.02%     49.97% |      698432     25.00%     74.97% |      699279     25.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX::total      2793582                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETS  |      418461     25.06%     25.06% |      417271     24.98%     50.04% |      417295     24.99%     75.02% |      417141     24.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETS::total      1670168                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Memory_Ack |     1007613     24.99%     24.99% |     1008748     25.01%     50.00% |     1007709     24.99%     74.99% |     1008721     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Memory_Ack::total      4032791                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |       14139     25.01%     25.01% |       14135     25.00%     50.01% |       14133     25.00%     75.00% |       14133     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total        56540                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |         399     25.14%     25.14% |         396     24.95%     50.09% |         394     24.83%     74.92% |         398     25.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total         1587                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETX  |      311435     25.08%     25.08% |      310399     24.99%     50.07% |      309939     24.96%     75.03% |      310166     24.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETX::total      1241939                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETS  |      619832     25.05%     25.05% |      617673     24.97%     50.02% |      617118     24.94%     74.96% |      619509     25.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETS::total      2474132                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.Memory_Ack |          34     23.94%     23.94% |          34     23.94%     47.89% |          27     19.01%     66.90% |          47     33.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.Memory_Ack::total          142                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.DMA_WRITE |           5     33.33%     33.33% |           4     26.67%     60.00% |           4     26.67%     86.67% |           2     13.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.DMA_WRITE::total           15                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX  |     1007614     24.99%     24.99% |     1008748     25.01%     50.00% |     1007708     24.99%     74.99% |     1008720     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX::total      4032790                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTO_SHARERS |          34     23.94%     23.94% |          34     23.94%     47.89% |          27     19.01%     66.90% |          47     33.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTO_SHARERS::total          142                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |         280     46.82%     46.82% |         170     28.43%     75.25% |          98     16.39%     91.64% |          50      8.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total          598                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         220     24.61%     24.61% |         224     25.06%     49.66% |         226     25.28%     74.94% |         224     25.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          894                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Unblock |      418461     25.06%     25.06% |      417271     24.98%     50.04% |      417295     24.99%     75.02% |      417141     24.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Unblock::total      1670168                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Memory_Data |      418461     25.06%     25.06% |      417271     24.98%     50.04% |      417295     24.99%     75.02% |      417141     24.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Memory_Data::total      1670168                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Last_Unblock |      619832     25.05%     25.05% |      617673     24.97%     50.02% |      617118     24.94%     74.96% |      619509     25.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Last_Unblock::total      2474132                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Memory_Data |      619832     25.05%     25.05% |      617673     24.97%     50.02% |      617118     24.94%     74.96% |      619509     25.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Memory_Data::total      2474132                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock |     1008256     24.98%     24.98% |     1009449     25.01%     50.00% |     1008371     24.99%     74.99% |     1009445     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock::total      4035521                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Data |     1008256     24.98%     24.98% |     1009449     25.01%     50.00% |     1008371     24.99%     74.99% |     1009445     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Data::total      4035521                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Ack |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Ack::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Dirty_Writeback |     1007614     24.99%     24.99% |     1008748     25.01%     50.00% |     1007708     24.99%     74.99% |     1008720     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Dirty_Writeback::total      4032790                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MIS.Dirty_Writeback |          34     23.94%     23.94% |          34     23.94%     47.89% |          27     19.01%     66.90% |          47     33.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MIS.Dirty_Writeback::total          142                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_M.Memory_Data |       14139     25.01%     25.01% |       14135     25.00%     50.01% |       14133     25.00%     75.00% |       14133     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_M.Memory_Data::total        56540                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Exclusive_Unblock |         624     25.00%     25.00% |         624     25.00%     50.00% |         624     25.00%     75.00% |         624     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Exclusive_Unblock::total         2496                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Memory_Ack |         624     25.02%     25.02% |         624     25.02%     50.04% |         623     24.98%     75.02% |         623     24.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Memory_Ack::total         2494                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.OI_D.Data |         220     24.61%     24.61% |         224     25.06%     49.66% |         226     25.28%     74.94% |         224     25.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.OI_D.Data::total          894                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MD.DMA_ACK |         280     46.82%     46.82% |         170     28.43%     75.25% |          98     16.39%     91.64% |          50      8.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MD.DMA_ACK::total          598                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |       57138    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total        57138                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        2496    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         2496                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |       57138    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total          57138                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.DMA_Ack       |        2496    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.DMA_Ack::total         2496                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Inv_Ack       |          15    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Inv_Ack::total           15                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.All_Acks      |        2496    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.All_Acks::total         2496                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |       57138    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total        57138                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        2496    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         2496                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |       57138    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total        57138                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.DMA_Ack |        2496    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.DMA_Ack::total         2496                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Inv_Ack |          15    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Inv_Ack::total           15                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.All_Acks |        2496    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.All_Acks::total         2496                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     1082747      0.85%      0.85% |    37655725     29.55%     30.40% |    88015911     69.06%     99.46% |      684974      0.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    127439357                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     5923127      1.16%      1.16% |   138551736     27.04%     28.20% |   364040645     71.05%     99.25% |     3839997      0.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    512355505                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |      838328      1.99%      1.99% |    16367110     38.80%     40.79% |    24418441     57.89%     98.69% |      554041      1.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     42177920                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |       98979      0.75%      0.75% |     5717536     43.25%     44.00% |     7334225     55.48%     99.48% |       68852      0.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total     13219592                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Own_GETX  |          11      8.80%      8.80% |          32     25.60%     34.40% |          45     36.00%     70.40% |          37     29.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Own_GETX::total          125                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |        2470     23.86%     23.86% |        2579     24.91%     48.76% |        1678     16.21%     64.97% |        3627     35.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total        10354                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |       20430     33.50%     33.50% |        6938     11.38%     44.88% |        4901      8.04%     52.91% |       28714     47.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        60983                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_DMA   |         102     23.61%     23.61% |         188     43.52%     67.13% |          48     11.11%     78.24% |          94     21.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_DMA::total          432                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |         983     20.15%     20.15% |        1538     31.52%     51.67% |        1194     24.47%     76.14% |        1164     23.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total         4879                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |        6278     41.12%     41.12% |        2641     17.30%     58.42% |        3545     23.22%     81.64% |        2803     18.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total        15267                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |       75069      1.00%      1.00% |     3550157     47.37%     48.37% |     3817473     50.94%     99.31% |       51670      0.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total      7494369                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data |       34495      0.52%      0.52% |     3028461     45.58%     46.09% |     3549091     53.41%     99.50% |       32908      0.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total      6644955                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |       53782      1.63%      1.63% |     1084398     32.85%     34.48% |     2128590     64.49%     98.97% |       34102      1.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total      3300872                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack_Data |       41705      0.42%      0.42% |     4629786     46.74%     47.16% |     5202669     52.52%     99.68% |       31661      0.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack_Data::total      9905821                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks  |       20474      0.45%      0.45% |     2201341     47.88%     48.33% |     2351820     51.16%     99.49% |       23583      0.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks::total      4597218                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_Timeout |       34506      0.52%      0.52% |     3028493     45.57%     46.09% |     3549136     53.41%     99.50% |       32945      0.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_Timeout::total      6645080                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       37429      0.40%      0.40% |     4326765     46.17%     46.57% |     4976289     53.10%     99.66% |       31640      0.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total      9372123                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |       51672     30.38%     30.38% |       50544     29.71%     60.09% |       38500     22.63%     82.72% |       29392     17.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total       170108                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |       13527      0.37%      0.37% |     1343077     36.40%     36.77% |     2321525     62.92%     99.68% |       11674      0.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total      3689803                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        3409     27.03%     27.03% |        3308     26.23%     53.26% |        2806     22.25%     75.51% |        3089     24.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        12612                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      272561      0.37%      0.37% |    18955330     25.56%     25.92% |    54761036     73.83%     99.76% |      179654      0.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total     74168581                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     5871447      1.15%      1.15% |   138501192     27.04%     28.19% |   364002145     71.07%     99.26% |     3810605      0.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total    512185389                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        6936      0.76%      0.76% |      858232     94.59%     95.36% |       30250      3.33%     98.69% |       11872      1.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total       907290                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |       67236      1.02%      1.02% |     2690464     40.88%     41.90% |     3785706     57.52%     99.42% |       38381      0.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total      6581787                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Fwd_GETS |        6145     53.49%     53.49% |        2181     18.99%     72.48% |        1255     10.92%     83.40% |        1907     16.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Fwd_GETS::total        11488                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |         983     20.15%     20.15% |        1538     31.52%     51.67% |        1194     24.47%     76.14% |        1164     23.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         4879                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load    |        1244     15.57%     15.57% |        2354     29.47%     45.04% |        2616     32.75%     77.79% |        1774     22.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load::total         7988                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store   |          11      8.80%      8.80% |          32     25.60%     34.40% |          45     36.00%     70.40% |          37     29.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store::total          125                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_Replacement |         319     29.27%     29.27% |         308     28.26%     57.52% |         239     21.93%     79.45% |         224     20.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_Replacement::total         1090                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETX |        1482     24.75%     24.75% |        1109     18.52%     43.26% |         902     15.06%     58.32% |        2496     41.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETX::total         5989                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETS |        8825     27.55%     27.55% |         733      2.29%     29.84% |         786      2.45%     32.29% |       21689     67.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETS::total        32033                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |       72861      0.45%      0.45% |     3766743     23.21%     23.65% |    12348629     76.08%     99.73% |       43545      0.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     16231778                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |        5285      2.34%      2.34% |      106437     47.17%     49.51% |      111887     49.58%     99.09% |        2059      0.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total       225668                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |        4758      0.27%      0.27% |      695475     39.03%     39.30% |     1078311     60.52%     99.82% |        3171      0.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1781715                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |         476     26.59%     26.59% |         695     38.83%     65.42% |         229     12.79%     78.21% |         390     21.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total         1790                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |        1766     24.83%     24.83% |        1465     20.60%     45.42% |        1177     16.55%     61.97% |        2705     38.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total         7113                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load  |        8723      4.25%      4.25% |       82855     40.40%     44.65% |      108066     52.69%     97.34% |        5457      2.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load::total       205101                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store |        1750      5.54%      5.54% |       23195     73.44%     78.98% |        5615     17.78%     96.76% |        1022      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store::total        31582                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.L1_Replacement |          83     51.88%     51.88% |          11      6.88%     58.75% |          66     41.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.L1_Replacement::total          160                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETX |           6     30.00%     30.00% |           3     15.00%     45.00% |           2     10.00%     55.00% |           9     45.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETX::total           20                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETS |          24     11.27%     11.27% |          50     23.47%     34.74% |          59     27.70%     62.44% |          80     37.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETS::total          213                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_Timeout |       12282      0.61%      0.61% |      803957     39.87%     40.48% |     1191701     59.10%     99.59% |        8340      0.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_Timeout::total      2016280                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |      687384      2.51%      2.51% |    10488869     38.28%     40.79% |    15810923     57.70%     98.48% |      415486      1.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total     27402662                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |      731260      2.22%      2.22% |    12175736     37.03%     39.25% |    19543769     59.43%     98.68% |      434216      1.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total     32884981                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement |       23174      0.48%      0.48% |     2327937     48.08%     48.56% |     2467003     50.95%     99.50% |       23987      0.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement::total      4842101                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX |         506     19.90%     19.90% |         768     30.20%     50.10% |         541     21.27%     71.37% |         728     28.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX::total         2543                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS |        3631     37.04%     37.04% |        2420     24.69%     61.73% |        1513     15.44%     77.17% |        2238     22.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS::total         9802                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_DMA |         102     23.61%     23.61% |         188     43.52%     67.13% |          48     11.11%     78.24% |          94     21.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_DMA::total          432                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load |        2533      4.96%      4.96% |       32784     64.25%     69.22% |        8291     16.25%     85.46% |        7417     14.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load::total        51025                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store |       79559      1.79%      1.79% |     1860400     41.92%     43.71% |     2405347     54.19%     97.90% |       93161      2.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store::total      4438467                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.L1_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          33     25.98%     25.98% |          94     74.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.L1_Replacement::total          127                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     33.33%     33.33% |           4     33.33%     66.67% |           4     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETX::total           12                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETS |          39     11.68%     11.68% |          89     26.65%     38.32% |         111     33.23%     71.56% |          95     28.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETS::total          334                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_Timeout |       22224      0.48%      0.48% |     2224536     48.06%     48.54% |     2357435     50.93%     99.47% |       24605      0.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_Timeout::total      4628800                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |        3251     44.81%     44.81% |        1254     17.28%     62.10% |        1418     19.55%     81.64% |        1332     18.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total         7255                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data |       13527      0.37%      0.37% |     1343077     36.40%     36.77% |     2321525     62.92%     99.68% |       11674      0.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data::total      3689803                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        2538     43.61%     43.61% |         842     14.47%     58.08% |        1319     22.66%     80.74% |        1121     19.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total         5820                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Exclusive_Data |        6936      0.76%      0.76% |      858232     94.59%     95.36% |       30250      3.33%     98.69% |       11872      1.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Exclusive_Data::total       907290                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Own_GETX |          11      8.80%      8.80% |          32     25.60%     34.40% |          45     36.00%     70.40% |          37     29.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Own_GETX::total          125                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack    |         489     22.31%     22.31% |         545     24.86%     47.17% |         808     36.86%     84.03% |         350     15.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack::total         2192                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks |       20474      0.45%      0.45% |     2201341     47.88%     48.33% |     2351820     51.16%     99.49% |       23583      0.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks::total      4597218                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |       75069      1.00%      1.00% |     3550157     47.37%     48.37% |     3817473     50.94%     99.31% |       51670      0.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total      7494369                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data |       14032      0.69%      0.69% |      827152     40.39%     41.08% |     1197316     58.47%     99.54% |        9362      0.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data::total      2047862                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Load   |           4     12.90%     12.90% |          20     64.52%     77.42% |           6     19.35%     96.77% |           1      3.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Load::total           31                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Ifetch |           8    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Ifetch::total            8                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Store  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Store::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack |       53782      1.63%      1.63% |     1084398     32.85%     34.48% |     2128590     64.49%     98.97% |       34102      1.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack::total      3300872                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack_Data |       13454      0.41%      0.41% |     1606066     48.95%     49.36% |     1657116     50.51%     99.87% |        4279      0.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total      3280915                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack_Data |         319     29.27%     29.27% |         308     28.26%     57.52% |         239     21.93%     79.45% |         224     20.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total         1090                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load   |           8     11.76%     11.76% |           5      7.35%     19.12% |          55     80.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load::total           68                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           2     66.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack_Data |       27932      0.42%      0.42% |     3023412     45.64%     46.07% |     3545314     53.52%     99.59% |       27158      0.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total      6623816                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS        9542466      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX        4597224      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTO           1090      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX        6623816      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTS_only      6438321      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTS         143481      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX           894      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Fwd_DMA            598      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Inv                 15      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.All_Acks       4035521      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Data           8179821      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive           59      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_WBCLEANDATA      3280915      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_WBDIRTYDATA      6624906      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack      4032932      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock       10795241      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock      6645080      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.DmaAck             432      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement      7247909      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS      4144300      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX      3094482      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_GETS        11488      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_GETX       880620      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_PUTS_only      3265887      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_PUTS        15028      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_GETS        16915      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_GETX         4274      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_PUTX      6623816      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.Fwd_GETX           59      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.Fwd_DMA          432      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_GETS        11418      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_GETX          200      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_PUTO          608      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_GETS        20615      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_GETX         5914      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTO          482      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTS_only        12223      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTS        18991      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L1_GETS      3185546      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L1_GETX        37395      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.Inv               15      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement      3197750      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_GETS          534      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_GETX          110      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_PUTS_only          241      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_PUTS          431      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L2_Replacement          142      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_GETS       113355      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_GETX        23024      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_PUTS_only      3159967      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_PUTS       109019      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L2_Replacement        17227      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS      2038060      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX       551199      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX          835      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_DMA          166      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement      4032790      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFGX.Data_Exclusive           59      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA          608      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.Unblock        12223      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA          482      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.Unblock        18991      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSW.L1_GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSW.L1_PUTS            9      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSW.Unblock       109019      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILSW.L1_PUTS            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILSW.L1_WBCLEANDATA        15028      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IW.L1_GETS            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IW.L1_WBCLEANDATA      3265887      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SW.L1_GETS            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SW.Unblock      3159967      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OXW.Unblock          241      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXW.Unblock          431      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA      6623816      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLS.L1_GETS            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLS.Unblock        11488      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOX.Unblock        11418      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOX.Exclusive_Unblock          110      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.L1_GETS           83      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.L1_GETX            5      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.Unblock         7113      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.Exclusive_Unblock        14276      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOSX.Unblock        20615      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.L1_GETS           67      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.Exclusive_Unblock         5914      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.L1_GETS           65      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.Data       4144300      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.Unblock      4144300      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGM.Data       3131877      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMLS.Data       903644      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.All_Acks      4035521      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.Exclusive_Unblock      4035521      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock       551199      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.Unblock      3185546      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OO.Exclusive_Unblock      2038060      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXS.Unblock          534      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.L1_GETS            8      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.L1_PUTS_only            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.Unblock       113355      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MI.L1_GETX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack      4032790      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSI.Writeback_Ack          142      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXD.DmaAck          432      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
