
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.045819                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1045819308000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               54560629033501                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 124288                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   205988                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              463302239                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2166452                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2257.32                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   280556610                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     464978841                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    126272768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total         126272768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0    125389632                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total      125389632                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1973012                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total            1973012                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1959213                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total           1959213                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    120740521                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            120740521                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    119896077                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           119896077                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    240636598                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           240636598                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                    1973012                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                   1959213                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                  1973012                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                 1959213                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM             118933824                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                7338944                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten              123663296                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys              126272768                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys           125389632                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                114671                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                26985                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0           101252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1           180921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2           104034                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3           132377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4           139657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            88702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6           148173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            81334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            89553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9           140282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10          127060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11          102690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12          112946                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13          104980                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           94480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15          109900                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0           102360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1           189227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2           106226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3           136211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4           144850                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            90276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6           153961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            82246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            95960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9           141888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10          150508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11          104590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12          116105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13          110311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           95381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15          112139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 1045819258500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6              1973012                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6             1959213                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                1852859                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   5416                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                     66                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                  7294                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                  7399                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                118550                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                119964                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                119939                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                119919                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                119892                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                119909                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                119964                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                120061                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                120138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                120124                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                119879                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                119847                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                119834                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                119831                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                119825                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                119826                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                    32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples      3215416                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean    75.448348                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    71.103848                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev    38.766610                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127      2807474     87.31%     87.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255       376092     11.70%     99.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        25664      0.80%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3313      0.10%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1134      0.04%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          653      0.02%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          255      0.01%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          212      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          619      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total      3215416                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples       119826                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     15.508704                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     2.746002                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-3             53      0.04%      0.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4-7            514      0.43%      0.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8-11          1041      0.87%      1.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::12-15        52107     43.49%     44.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16-19        64814     54.09%     98.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          337      0.28%     99.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::24-27          162      0.14%     99.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::28-31          133      0.11%     99.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::32-35          116      0.10%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::36-39          108      0.09%     99.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::40-43          115      0.10%     99.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::44-47           90      0.08%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           83      0.07%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::52-55           61      0.05%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           35      0.03%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::60-63           24      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           16      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::68-71            9      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            3      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::76-79            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::88-91            3      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::96-99            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total       119826                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples       119826                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.125373                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.118443                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.490013                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16          112374     93.78%     93.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17             115      0.10%     93.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18            7113      5.94%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19             215      0.18%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20               8      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total       119826                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 48397485209                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            83241378959                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                9291705000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    26043.38                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               44793.38                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      113.72                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      118.25                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   120.74                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   119.90                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        1.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.89                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.92                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.52                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  149510                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 425661                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                 8.05                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               22.03                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    265961.19                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   15.17                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy             12552790320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy              6849240750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             7682890800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy            6570564480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy         68983112640                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        631865366100                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy         79427148000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          813931113090                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           770.652534                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 125726426251                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  34922420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 885176816749                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy             11866622040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy              6474843375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             6959550000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy            6074961120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy         68983112640                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        623626354395                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy         86654351250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          810639794820                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           767.536223                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 138478463751                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  34922420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 872423712249                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    131844992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total         131844992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1    130964544                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total      130964544                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1      2060078                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            2060078                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1      2046321                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total           2046321                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    126068615                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            126068615                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    125226741                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           125226741                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    251295357                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           251295357                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                    2060078                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                   2046321                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                  2060078                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                 2046321                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM             120645952                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ               11199040                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten              126930496                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys              131844992                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys           130964544                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                174985                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                63032                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0           101702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1           183329                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2           102895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3           135898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4           139099                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            95288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6           147889                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            81745                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            95653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9           143110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10          144784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           97094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12          110991                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13          101976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           94824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15          108816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0           102748                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1           191306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2           104449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3           139047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4           140390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            96247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6           153194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7           101080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8           120138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9           146656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10          168876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           97586                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12          112111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13          103634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           95621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15          110206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 1045819966000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6              2060078                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6             2046321                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                1880135                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   4906                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                     52                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                  8669                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                  8805                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                121563                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                122946                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                122996                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                122947                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                122920                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                122917                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                123011                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                123023                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                123150                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                123172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                122897                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                122856                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                122852                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                122845                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                122844                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                122844                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples      3267584                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean    75.767549                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    71.295597                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev    39.332853                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127      2843707     87.03%     87.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255       389405     11.92%     98.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        28216      0.86%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3332      0.10%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1148      0.04%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          634      0.02%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          289      0.01%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          214      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          639      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total      3267584                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples       122844                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     15.345406                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     2.680011                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-3             46      0.04%      0.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4-7            515      0.42%      0.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8-11           981      0.80%      1.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::12-15        63012     51.29%     52.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16-19        57004     46.40%     98.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          299      0.24%     99.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::24-27          189      0.15%     99.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::28-31          143      0.12%     99.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::32-35          140      0.11%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::36-39          131      0.11%     99.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::40-43          111      0.09%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::44-47           73      0.06%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           72      0.06%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::52-55           42      0.03%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           31      0.03%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::60-63           24      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           12      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::68-71            8      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            3      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::76-79            4      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::84-87            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::92-95            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::96-99            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total       122844                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples       122844                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.144777                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.136861                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.523552                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16          114028     92.82%     92.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17             100      0.08%     92.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18            8472      6.90%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19             235      0.19%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20               9      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total       122844                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 48983783962                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            84329277712                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                9425465000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    25984.81                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               44734.81                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      115.36                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      121.37                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   126.07                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   125.23                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        1.85                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.90                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.95                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.52                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  157707                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 443097                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                 8.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               22.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    254680.55                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   15.53                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy             12777118200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy              6971641875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             7773191400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy            6722818560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy         68983112640                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        632932413795                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy         78491141250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          814651437720                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           771.334558                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 124046344750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  34922420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 886856594250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy             12037568760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy              6568117875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             7078656000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy            6254917200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy         68983112640                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        625594783275                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy         84927659250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          811444815000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           768.298439                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 135660956252                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  34922420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 875239767998                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    125568064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total         125568064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2    124693120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total      124693120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2      1962001                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total            1962001                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2      1948330                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total           1948330                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    120066691                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            120066691                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    119230080                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           119230080                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    239296772                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           239296772                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                    1962001                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                   1948330                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                  1962001                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                 1948330                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM             118729344                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                6838720                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten              123209344                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys              125568064                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys           124693120                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                106855                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                23185                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0           101165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1           185392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            96558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3           134695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4           137603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            85529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6           150150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            78402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            97565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9           143274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10          133227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           94476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12          111820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13          101678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           93697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15          109915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0           101959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1           193635                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            95683                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3           138407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4           137973                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            85173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6           155619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            80028                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8           114643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9           148686                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10          156323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           93622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12          114762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13          101641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           94890                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15          112102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 1045819245000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6              1962001                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6             1948330                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                1849792                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   5301                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                     50                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                  7037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                  7153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                118258                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                119536                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                119521                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                119520                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                119469                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                119471                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                119566                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                119594                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                119685                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                119735                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                119454                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                119423                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                119431                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                119422                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                119416                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                119416                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples      3188332                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean    75.882727                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean    71.356921                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev    39.684434                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127      2772143     86.95%     86.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255       382125     11.99%     98.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        27522      0.86%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3589      0.11%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1112      0.03%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767          721      0.02%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895          270      0.01%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          205      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          645      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total      3188332                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples       119416                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     15.535154                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     2.665827                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-3             58      0.05%      0.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::4-7            486      0.41%      0.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::8-11          1105      0.93%      1.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::12-15        50721     42.47%     43.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::16-19        65582     54.92%     98.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          515      0.43%     99.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::24-27          186      0.16%     99.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::28-31          130      0.11%     99.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::32-35          141      0.12%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::36-39          102      0.09%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           98      0.08%     99.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::44-47           97      0.08%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           56      0.05%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::52-55           43      0.04%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           45      0.04%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::60-63           22      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           12      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::68-71            8      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            5      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::76-79            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::84-87            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::88-91            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::104-107            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total       119416                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples       119416                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.121341                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.114576                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.484295                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16          112274     94.02%     94.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::17              70      0.06%     94.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18            6809      5.70%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::19             251      0.21%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::20              11      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::21               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total       119416                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 48234514704                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            83018502204                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                9275730000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    26000.39                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               44750.39                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      113.53                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      117.81                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   120.07                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   119.23                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        1.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.89                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.92                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     25.52                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  151522                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 440444                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                 8.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               22.88                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    267450.31                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   15.66                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy             12336899400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy              6731443125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy             7628688600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy            6460981200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy         68983112640                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy        630675857610                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy         80470576500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          813287559075                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           770.043200                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 127453496001                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF  34922420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 883450278499                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy             11873781360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy              6478749750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy             6986881200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy            6136035120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy         68983112640                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy        623452112235                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy         86807195250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          810717867555                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           767.610145                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 138888771751                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF  34922420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 872013953999                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    128767104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total         128767104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3    127894144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total      127894144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3      2011986                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total            2011986                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3      1998346                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total           1998346                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    123125575                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            123125575                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    122290861                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           122290861                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    245416437                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           245416437                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                    2011986                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                   1998346                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                  2011986                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                 1998346                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM             119868480                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                8898624                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten              125753856                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys              128767104                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys           127894144                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                139041                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                33447                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0           101007                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1           187013                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            96821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3           135145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4           135733                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            84508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6           148040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            78216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            93587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9           143193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10          140358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11          105385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12          112402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13          103090                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           98264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15          110183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0           102110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1           195348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            96100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3           147369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4           136304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            84346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6           153562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            79968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8           110365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9           145640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10          170157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11          112781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12          115700                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13          103960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           99619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15          111575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 1045819258500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6              2011986                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6             1998346                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                1867359                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   5528                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                     57                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                  8261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                  8401                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                120307                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                121882                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                121879                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                121894                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                121825                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                121833                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                121942                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                121963                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                122050                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                122066                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                121795                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                121760                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                121752                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                121746                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                121741                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                121741                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                    56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples      3227641                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean    76.099725                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean    71.508879                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev    39.816290                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127      2798002     86.69%     86.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255       394297     12.22%     98.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        28767      0.89%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3727      0.12%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1071      0.03%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767          631      0.02%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895          281      0.01%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          225      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          640      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total      3227641                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples       121741                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     15.384694                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     2.686993                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            110      0.09%      0.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::4-7            578      0.47%      0.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::8-11           716      0.59%      1.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::12-15        60331     49.56%     50.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::16-19        58673     48.19%     98.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          390      0.32%     99.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::24-27          176      0.14%     99.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::28-31          121      0.10%     99.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::32-35          136      0.11%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::36-39          118      0.10%     99.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::40-43          121      0.10%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::44-47           81      0.07%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           67      0.06%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::52-55           48      0.04%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           25      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::60-63           19      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           13      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::68-71            7      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            3      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::76-79            4      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::96-99            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::100-103            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total       121741                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples       121741                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.140035                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.132336                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.516483                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16          113298     93.06%     93.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::17             120      0.10%     93.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18            8059      6.62%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::19             248      0.20%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::20              14      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::21               2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total       121741                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 48723915953                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            83841634703                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                9364725000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    26014.60                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               44764.60                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      114.62                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      120.24                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   123.13                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   122.29                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        1.83                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.90                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.94                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     25.52                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  155356                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 454856                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                 8.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               23.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    260781.22                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   15.90                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy             12357938880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy              6742923000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy             7602270000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy            6501021120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy         68983112640                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy        630601073325                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy         80536176750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          813324515715                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           770.078191                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 127696141502                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF  34922420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 883206678498                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy             12145495320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy              6627006375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy             7149675000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy            6350250960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy         68983112640                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy        625902236145                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy         84657963750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          811815740190                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           768.649641                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 135290366250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF  34922420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 875612226500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      2086665242                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1637747                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                      3444542                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              3378243                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                    68                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                      91768                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       274560                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     3378243                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                           68                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads            6643251                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           2776066                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                  70                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                 62                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             2089943                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes            1126277                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                       718950                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     446697                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    272253                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              2071978503.515570                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              14686738.484430                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.007038                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.992962                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           394795                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                45096      1.31%      1.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  2664232     77.33%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    4766      0.14%     78.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    12035      0.35%     79.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                     24      0.00%     79.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     79.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  446697     12.97%     92.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 272253      7.90%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                   3445103                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      2089573174                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    3947611                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                      7773620                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses              7644238                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1928                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     183057                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       700898                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                     7644238                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                         1928                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           14970106                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           6215910                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                3235                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes               1535                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads             5066822                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes            2736845                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      1621160                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    1061033                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                    560127                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              2063636319.350158                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              25936854.649842                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.012413                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.987587                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                           925084                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                42653      0.55%      0.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  6090505     78.35%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                    9329      0.12%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                     8620      0.11%     79.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                   1446      0.02%     79.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     79.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     79.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     79.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     79.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     79.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     79.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     79.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     79.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     79.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     79.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     79.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     79.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     79.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     79.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     79.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     79.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     79.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     79.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     79.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     79.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     79.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     79.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 1061033     13.65%     92.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                 560127      7.21%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                   7773713                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      2095878922                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                  269394685                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                    442809289                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses            346780384                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses             109594681                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                    5381735                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts     16439082                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                   346780384                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                    109594681                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads          737575299                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes         276255194                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads           204618310                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes          105641720                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads           177594062                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes          152853201                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                     92942051                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                   73895463                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                  19046588                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              23115571.587614                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              2072763350.412386                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.988971                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.011029                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                         26518263                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass              3914075      0.88%      0.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                254936150     57.57%     58.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    3416      0.00%     58.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                      567      0.00%     58.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd               91015565     20.55%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                73895463     16.69%     95.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite               19046588      4.30%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                 442811824                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      2094452894                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    2330743                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      4704906                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              4584241                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                   372                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                      99696                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       401555                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     4584241                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                          372                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads            8874092                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           3755704                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                 596                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                261                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             2965852                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            1769777                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                       931895                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                     576395                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    355500                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              2076889465.368587                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              17563428.631413                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.008386                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.991614                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                           536023                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                41100      0.87%      0.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  3714383     78.95%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                    4553      0.10%     79.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    12818      0.27%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                    244      0.01%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                  576395     12.25%     92.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 355500      7.56%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   4704993                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  568                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 568                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                2088                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               2088                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq                81                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp               81                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           34                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          130                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          622                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          582                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1218                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          860                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          176                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          588                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1638                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          656                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          588                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1262                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          622                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          586                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1226                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           64                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           68                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           64                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           64                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          260                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          350                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1164                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1542                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          490                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           88                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1782                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          370                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1582                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          350                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1172                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1555                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     6721                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              2418000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                26496                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy              113500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy              669983                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              766482                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy              836212                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy              754984                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              115440                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy              871500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             1177000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy              900500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy              877500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages          886                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes      3629056                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs          886                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           37                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes       151552                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           37                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  2                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  19                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               16323644                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.002110                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 0.133121                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    16318666     99.97%     99.97% |         461      0.00%     99.97% |         506      0.00%     99.98% |        1745      0.01%     99.99% |        1897      0.01%    100.00% |          34      0.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |          27      0.00%    100.00% |         148      0.00%    100.00% |         142      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 16323644                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples    487641968                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000681                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   487641742    100.00%    100.00% |         226      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total    487641968                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples      487641968                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          3.360611                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.084623                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev        20.625074                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |   484988213     99.46%     99.46% |     2098311      0.43%     99.89% |      396813      0.08%     99.97% |       79969      0.02%     99.98% |       57947      0.01%    100.00% |       16738      0.00%    100.00% |        1061      0.00%    100.00% |        2806      0.00%    100.00% |         110      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total        487641968                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    479480099                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   479480099    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    479480099                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      8161869                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   142.037917                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   128.169440                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    76.530826                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     5508114     67.49%     67.49% |     2098311     25.71%     93.19% |      396813      4.86%     98.06% |       79969      0.98%     99.04% |       57947      0.71%     99.75% |       16738      0.21%     99.95% |        1061      0.01%     99.96% |        2806      0.03%    100.00% |         110      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      8161869                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.incomplete_times_seqr       211851                      
system.ruby.Directory.incomplete_times_seqr      7950018                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_hits      2759779                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_misses        92479                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_accesses      2852258                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_hits      6530847                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_misses       140816                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_accesses      6671663                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles             2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_hits    466312993                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_misses      7811283                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_accesses    474124276                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_hits      3876480                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_misses       117291                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_accesses      3993771                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     0.022138                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Control::2        92479                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Data::2        23454                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::4       161762                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3        92752                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Control::2       739832                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Data::2      1688688                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     11646864                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3       742016                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized     0.033723                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Control::2       140816                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Data::2        75344                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Data::4       206797                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       141359                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Control::2      1126528                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Data::2      5424768                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     14889384                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1130872                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized     1.867205                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Control::2      7811283                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Data::2      7802228                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Data::4      7819840                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      7810801                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Control::2     62490264                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Data::2    561760416                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    563028480                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     62486408                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized     0.027985                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Control::2       117291                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Data::2        48819                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Data::4       185321                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       116863                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Control::2       938328                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Data::2      3514968                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     13343112                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3       934904                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     0.471181                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Control::2      2010363                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Data::2      1958621                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::1        14417                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1958657                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        15009                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          592                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      2010389                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Control::2     16082904                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Data::2    141020712                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1038024                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    141023304                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       120072                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4736                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     16083112                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.492045                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Control::2      2099739                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Data::2      2045731                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::1        14305                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::4      2045777                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        14897                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          592                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      2099698                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Control::2     16797912                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Data::2    147292632                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1029960                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    147295944                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       119176                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4736                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     16797584                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.468517                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Control::2      1997799                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Data::2      1947738                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::1        14231                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1947779                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        14823                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          592                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1997767                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Control::2     15982392                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Data::2    140237136                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1024632                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    140240088                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       118584                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4736                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     15982136                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.480615                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Control::2      2053968                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Data::2      1997755                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::1        14183                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1997805                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        14775                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          592                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      2053921                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Control::2     16431744                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Data::2    143838360                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1021176                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    143841960                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       118200                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4736                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     16431368                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.006886                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1        57136                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        59504                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2368                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4113792                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       476032                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        18944                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.387029                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::2      8161869                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Data::2      7949845                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1        57136                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::4      8161869                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        59504                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2368                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      8161775                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::2     65294952                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Data::2    572388840                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4113792                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    587654568                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       476032                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        18944                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     65294200                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        24485607                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Data           23849535                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     24657015                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     24670941                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control        195884856                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Data          1717166520                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   1775305080                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    197367528                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     0.022113                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        92479                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3        92752                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      6658488                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3       742016                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     0.022162                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2        92479                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2        23454                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        69283                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2       739832                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2      1688688                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      4988376                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization     0.033675                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       140816                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       141359                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     10138752                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1130872                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization     0.033771                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2       140816                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2        75344                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        65981                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2      1126528                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2      5424768                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      4750632                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization     1.867252                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4      7811283                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      7810801                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    562412376                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     62486408                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization     1.867157                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2      7811283                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2      7802228                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4         8557                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2     62490264                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2    561760416                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       616104                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization     0.028028                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       117291                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       116863                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      8444952                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3       934904                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization     0.027943                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2       117291                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2        48819                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        68030                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2       938328                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2      3514968                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      4898160                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     0.469798                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2      2010363                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2      1958621                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        15009                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2     16082904                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2    141020712                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       120072                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     0.472564                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        14417                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1958657                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          592                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      2010389                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1038024                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    141023304                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4736                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     16083112                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.490673                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2      2099739                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2      2045731                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        14897                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2     16797912                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2    147292632                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       119176                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.493418                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        14305                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      2045777                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          592                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      2099698                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1029960                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    147295944                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4736                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     16797584                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.467152                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2      1997799                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2      1947738                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        14823                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2     15982392                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2    140237136                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       118584                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.469882                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        14231                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1947779                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          592                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1997767                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1024632                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    140240088                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4736                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     15982136                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.479254                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2      2053968                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2      1997755                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        14775                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2     16431744                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2    143838360                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       118200                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.481976                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        14183                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1997805                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          592                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      2053921                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1021176                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    143841960                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4736                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     16431368                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.012349                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        57136                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2368                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4113792                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        18944                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.001422                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        59504                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       476032                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.022113                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        92479                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3        92752                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      6658488                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3       742016                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.033675                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       140816                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       141359                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     10138752                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1130872                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.link_utilization     1.867252                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::4      7811283                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      7810801                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    562412376                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     62486408                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.link_utilization     0.028028                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::4       117291                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       116863                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      8444952                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3       934904                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.link_utilization     0.469798                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Control::2      2010363                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Data::2      1958621                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        15009                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::2     16082904                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Data::2    141020712                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       120072                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.link_utilization     0.490673                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Control::2      2099739                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Data::2      2045731                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        14897                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::2     16797912                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::2    147292632                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       119176                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.link_utilization     0.467152                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Control::2      1997799                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Data::2      1947738                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        14823                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Control::2     15982392                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Data::2    140237136                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       118584                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.link_utilization     0.479254                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Control::2      2053968                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Data::2      1997755                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        14775                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Control::2     16431744                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Data::2    143838360                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       118200                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.link_utilization     0.012349                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1        57136                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2368                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4113792                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        18944                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       8161869                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.000272                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.043516                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     8161529    100.00%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |          23      0.00%    100.00% |         145      0.00%    100.00% |         145      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         8161869                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples       8161775                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.003949                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.183146                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |     8157137     99.94%     99.94% |         439      0.01%     99.95% |         483      0.01%     99.95% |        1600      0.02%     99.97% |        1752      0.02%    100.00% |          29      0.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |          27      0.00%    100.00% |         148      0.00%    100.00% |         142      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total         8161775                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples     89567976                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       9.434608                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.333059                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     38.436327                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |    87871290     98.11%     98.11% |     1326086      1.48%     99.59% |      265068      0.30%     99.88% |       52518      0.06%     99.94% |       39273      0.04%     99.98% |       11088      0.01%    100.00% |         723      0.00%    100.00% |        1858      0.00%    100.00% |          72      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total      89567976                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     84288203                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    84288203    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     84288203                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5279773                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   144.087740                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   131.216158                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    76.125610                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     3583087     67.86%     67.86% |     1326086     25.12%     92.98% |      265068      5.02%     98.00% |       52518      0.99%     99.00% |       39273      0.74%     99.74% |       11088      0.21%     99.95% |         723      0.01%     99.96% |        1858      0.04%    100.00% |          72      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      5279773                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     15124293                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.213941                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.008389                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      6.006186                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    15119012     99.97%     99.97% |        3744      0.02%     99.99% |        1106      0.01%    100.00% |         200      0.00%    100.00% |         167      0.00%    100.00% |          53      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      15124293                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     15097089                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    15097089    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     15097089                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        27204                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   119.942251                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   104.016980                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    77.033734                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |       21923     80.59%     80.59% |        3744     13.76%     94.35% |        1106      4.07%     98.42% |         200      0.74%     99.15% |         167      0.61%     99.76% |          53      0.19%     99.96% |           5      0.02%     99.98% |           6      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        27204                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples    372544744                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.104232                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.005850                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.578954                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |   372498511     99.99%     99.99% |       36156      0.01%    100.00% |        6949      0.00%    100.00% |        1411      0.00%    100.00% |        1252      0.00%    100.00% |         381      0.00%    100.00% |          28      0.00%    100.00% |          54      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total    372544744                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    372019487                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   372019487    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    372019487                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       525257                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    74.928041                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    62.604302                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    60.226478                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      479024     91.20%     91.20% |       36156      6.88%     98.08% |        6949      1.32%     99.40% |        1411      0.27%     99.67% |        1252      0.24%     99.91% |         381      0.07%     99.98% |          28      0.01%     99.99% |          54      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       525257                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       189013                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     4.734600                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.146057                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    25.378851                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |      187438     99.17%     99.17% |        1265      0.67%     99.84% |         206      0.11%     99.94% |          51      0.03%     99.97% |          39      0.02%     99.99% |          13      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       189013                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       183592                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      183592    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       183592                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         5421                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   131.213614                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   115.966391                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    77.388154                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        3846     70.95%     70.95% |        1265     23.34%     94.28% |         206      3.80%     98.08% |          51      0.94%     99.02% |          39      0.72%     99.74% |          13      0.24%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           1      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         5421                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      5107971                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean    70.086024                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     9.573262                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    90.283260                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |     4203991     82.30%     82.30% |      731060     14.31%     96.61% |      123484      2.42%     99.03% |       25789      0.50%     99.54% |       17216      0.34%     99.87% |        5203      0.10%     99.98% |         305      0.01%     99.98% |         888      0.02%    100.00% |          35      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      5107971                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2783757                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     2783757    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      2783757                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2324214                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   152.831719                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   143.250045                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    73.146008                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |     1420234     61.11%     61.11% |      731060     31.45%     92.56% |      123484      5.31%     97.87% |       25789      1.11%     98.98% |       17216      0.74%     99.72% |        5203      0.22%     99.95% |         305      0.01%     99.96% |         888      0.04%    100.00% |          35      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      2324214                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples      5107971                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5107971    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total      5107971                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5107971                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5107971    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      5107971                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       211851                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.248146                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.207861                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.261933                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      211838     99.99%     99.99% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       211851                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      7950018                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   144.590510                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   131.701681                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    75.907039                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     5296267     66.62%     66.62% |     2098308     26.39%     93.01% |      396813      4.99%     98.00% |       79969      1.01%     99.01% |       57946      0.73%     99.74% |       16738      0.21%     99.95% |        1061      0.01%     99.96% |        2806      0.04%    100.00% |         110      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      7950018                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        39653                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.287948                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.241672                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.350301                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       39641     99.97%     99.97% |           4      0.01%     99.98% |           5      0.01%     99.99% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        39653                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5240120                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   144.827809                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   132.255854                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    75.934136                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     3543437     67.62%     67.62% |     1326083     25.31%     92.93% |      265068      5.06%     97.99% |       52518      1.00%     98.99% |       39273      0.75%     99.74% |       11088      0.21%     99.95% |         723      0.01%     99.96% |        1858      0.04%    100.00% |          72      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      5240120                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          869                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    47.279632                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    47.235119                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.049235                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         382     43.96%     43.96% |         487     56.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          869                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        26335                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   122.339966                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   106.762127                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    77.135602                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       21054     79.95%     79.95% |        3744     14.22%     94.16% |        1106      4.20%     98.36% |         200      0.76%     99.12% |         167      0.63%     99.76% |          53      0.20%     99.96% |           5      0.02%     99.98% |           6      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        26335                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       170035                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.231646                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.192848                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.242636                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      170034    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       170035                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       355222                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    88.664216                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    72.410749                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    69.124654                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      308990     86.99%     86.99% |       36156     10.18%     97.16% |        6949      1.96%     99.12% |        1411      0.40%     99.52% |        1251      0.35%     99.87% |         381      0.11%     99.98% |          28      0.01%     99.98% |          54      0.02%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       355222                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          260                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.846154                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.802737                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.026700                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         141     54.23%     54.23% |         119     45.77%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          260                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         5161                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   135.463864                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   121.390326                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    76.901023                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        3586     69.48%     69.48% |        1265     24.51%     93.99% |         206      3.99%     97.98% |          51      0.99%     98.97% |          39      0.76%     99.73% |          13      0.25%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           1      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         5161                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1034                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.417795                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.378624                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.924397                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         670     64.80%     64.80% |         364     35.20%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         1034                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2323180                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   152.879082                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   143.321966                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    73.127805                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     1419200     61.09%     61.09% |      731060     31.47%     92.56% |      123484      5.32%     97.87% |       25789      1.11%     98.98% |       17216      0.74%     99.72% |        5203      0.22%     99.95% |         305      0.01%     99.96% |         888      0.04%    100.00% |          35      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      2323180                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |     2010371     24.63%     24.63% |     2099764     25.73%     50.36% |     1997830     24.48%     74.83% |     2054041     25.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total      8162006                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX    |     1958621     24.64%     24.64% |     2045730     25.73%     50.37% |     1947738     24.50%     74.87% |     1997755     25.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX::total      7949844                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX_NotOwner |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX_NotOwner::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |       14417     25.23%     25.23% |       14305     25.04%     50.27% |       14231     24.91%     75.18% |       14183     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total        57136                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |         592     25.00%     25.00% |         592     25.00%     50.00% |         592     25.00%     75.00% |         592     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         2368                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |     1973012     24.64%     24.64% |     2060078     25.73%     50.37% |     1962001     24.50%     74.87% |     2011986     25.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      8007077                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |     1959213     24.64%     24.64% |     2046321     25.73%     50.37% |     1948330     24.50%     74.87% |     1998346     25.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      7952210                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX  |     1958657     24.64%     24.64% |     2045777     25.73%     50.37% |     1947779     24.50%     74.87% |     1997805     25.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX::total      7950018                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |       14355     25.16%     25.16% |       14301     25.06%     50.22% |       14222     24.93%     75.15% |       14181     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total        57059                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |         592     25.02%     25.02% |         591     24.98%     50.00% |         592     25.02%     75.02% |         591     24.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total         2366                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.GETX  |       51706     24.41%     24.41% |       53962     25.47%     49.88% |       50020     23.61%     73.49% |       56163     26.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.GETX::total       211851                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX  |     1958559     24.64%     24.64% |     2045725     25.73%     50.37% |     1947729     24.50%     74.87% |     1997752     25.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX::total      7949765                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX_NotOwner |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX_NotOwner::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          62     80.52%     80.52% |           4      5.19%     85.71% |           9     11.69%     97.40% |           2      2.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           77                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.PUTX |          62     80.52%     80.52% |           4      5.19%     85.71% |           9     11.69%     97.40% |           2      2.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.PUTX::total           77                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.PUTX::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          62     80.52%     80.52% |           4      5.19%     85.71% |           9     11.69%     97.40% |           2      2.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           77                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.GETX |           8      5.93%      5.93% |          25     18.52%     24.44% |          29     21.48%     45.93% |          73     54.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.GETX::total          135                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |     1958657     24.64%     24.64% |     2045777     25.73%     50.37% |     1947779     24.50%     74.87% |     1997805     25.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      7950018                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |     1958559     24.64%     24.64% |     2045725     25.73%     50.37% |     1947729     24.50%     74.87% |     1997752     25.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total      7949765                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |       14355     25.16%     25.16% |       14301     25.06%     50.22% |       14222     24.93%     75.15% |       14181     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total        57059                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |         592     25.02%     25.02% |         591     24.98%     50.00% |         592     25.02%     75.02% |         591     24.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total         2366                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |       57136    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total        57136                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        2368    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         2368                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |       57136    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total          57136                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |        2368    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total            2368                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |       57136    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total        57136                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        2368    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         2368                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |       57136    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total        57136                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |        2368    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total         2368                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |      419392      0.47%      0.47% |      977973      1.09%      1.56% |    87661185     97.87%     99.43% |      509426      0.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     89567976                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     2127173      0.57%      0.57% |     5048619      1.36%      1.93% |   362309245     97.25%     99.18% |     3059707      0.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    372544744                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |      305693      1.20%      1.20% |      645071      2.53%      3.72% |    24153846     94.61%     98.34% |      424638      1.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     25529248                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |       92479      1.13%      1.13% |      140816      1.73%      2.86% |     7811283     95.70%     98.56% |      117291      1.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total      8161869                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |       69283     32.70%     32.70% |       65981     31.15%     63.85% |        8557      4.04%     67.89% |       68030     32.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total       211851                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |          30     18.99%     18.99% |          68     43.04%     62.03% |          32     20.25%     82.28% |          28     17.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total          158                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Replacement |       35323      0.44%      0.44% |       84442      1.06%      1.50% |     7807227     97.77%     99.27% |       58618      0.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Replacement::total      7985610                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |       23454      0.30%      0.30% |       75344      0.95%      1.24% |     7802228     98.14%     99.39% |       48818      0.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total      7949844                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Nack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Nack::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       23160      0.44%      0.44% |       53945      1.02%      1.46% |     5165336     97.83%     99.29% |       37332      0.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total      5279773                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |       65450     12.46%     12.46% |       74310     14.15%     26.61% |      314235     59.82%     86.43% |       71262     13.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total       525257                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |        3869      0.16%      0.16% |       12561      0.53%      0.70% |     2331712     98.93%     99.63% |        8697      0.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total      2356839                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Replacement |       11884     33.15%     33.15% |        9132     25.48%     58.63% |        5015     13.99%     72.62% |        9813     27.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Replacement::total        35844                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Writeback_Nack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Writeback_Nack::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |      396232      0.47%      0.47% |      924028      1.10%      1.57% |    82495849     97.87%     99.44% |      472094      0.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     84288203                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch  |     2061723      0.55%      0.55% |     4974309      1.34%      1.89% |   361995010     97.31%     99.20% |     2988445      0.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch::total    372019487                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |      301824      1.30%      1.30% |      632510      2.73%      4.03% |    21822134     94.17%     98.21% |      415941      1.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     23172409                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |       69283     32.70%     32.70% |       65981     31.15%     63.85% |        8557      4.04%     67.89% |       68029     32.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total       211850                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |          15     18.99%     18.99% |          34     43.04%     62.03% |          16     20.25%     82.28% |          14     17.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total           79                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Replacement |       23439      0.29%      0.29% |       75310      0.95%      1.24% |     7802212     98.14%     99.39% |       48805      0.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Replacement::total      7949766                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Fwd_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Inv    |          15     18.99%     18.99% |          34     43.04%     62.03% |          16     20.25%     82.28% |          14     17.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Inv::total           79                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack |       23454      0.30%      0.30% |       75344      0.95%      1.24% |     7802228     98.14%     99.39% |       48818      0.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack::total      7949844                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |       88610      1.53%      1.53% |      128255      2.21%      3.74% |     5479571     94.39%     98.13% |      108594      1.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total      5805030                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |        3869      0.16%      0.16% |       12561      0.53%      0.70% |     2331712     98.93%     99.63% |        8697      0.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total      2356839                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.669757                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1669757359500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               55184567085001                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 114502                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   201459                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              492358241                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2596532                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  3391.35                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   388314607                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     683218291                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    220736064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total         220736064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0    219852480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total      219852480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0      3449001                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total            3449001                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0      3435195                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total           3435195                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    132196491                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            132196491                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    131667322                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           131667322                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    263863813                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           263863813                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                    3449001                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                   3435195                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                  3449001                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                 3435195                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM             210485952                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ               10250112                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten              217762368                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys              220736064                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys           219852480                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                160158                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                32658                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0           191445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1           304231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2           181455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3           226139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4           217201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5           162896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6           256901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7           152483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8           184333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9           232081                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10          222148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11          172664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12          215174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13          188568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14          171456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15          209668                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0           193169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1           317866                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2           184353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3           232679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4           223240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5           168103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6           266464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7           153629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8           192981                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9           239935                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10          252304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11          174743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12          220087                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13          196144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14          172706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15          214134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 1669757082000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6              3449001                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6             3435195                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                3280393                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   8354                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                     96                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                 10952                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                 11104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                209116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                211459                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                211451                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                211432                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                211383                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                211391                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                211533                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                211613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                211731                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                211664                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                211345                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                211287                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                211269                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                211261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                211250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                211250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                    45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples      5594261                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean    76.551469                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    71.664373                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev    42.636738                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127      4842869     86.57%     86.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255       683866     12.22%     98.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        52825      0.94%     99.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         7997      0.14%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2677      0.05%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1105      0.02%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          539      0.01%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          412      0.01%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1971      0.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total      5594261                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples       211250                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     15.568492                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     2.295886                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-3             57      0.03%      0.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4-7            763      0.36%      0.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8-11          1738      0.82%      1.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::12-15        78739     37.27%     38.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16-19       128128     60.65%     99.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          537      0.25%     99.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::24-27          257      0.12%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::28-31          209      0.10%     99.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::32-35          181      0.09%     99.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::36-39          159      0.08%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::40-43          140      0.07%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::44-47          100      0.05%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           89      0.04%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::52-55           61      0.03%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           35      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::60-63           24      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           16      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::68-71            9      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            3      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::76-79            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::88-91            3      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::96-99            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total       211250                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples       211250                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.106684                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.100736                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.454025                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16          200067     94.71%     94.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17             170      0.08%     94.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18           10683      5.06%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19             320      0.15%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20               9      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total       211250                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 85798746914                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat           147464553164                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat               16444215000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    26087.82                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               44837.82                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      126.06                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      130.42                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   132.20                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   131.67                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.98                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   1.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.54                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  300783                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 796341                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                 9.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               23.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    242549.32                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   16.40                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy             21494970000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy             11728406250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy            13270030800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy           11327830560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        109735551120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        1011158156745                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        121075516500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          1299790461975                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           773.641546                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 192805101501                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  55757000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 1421199214999                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy             20908510560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy             11408413500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy            12530310000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy           10845226080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        109735551120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        1004636196225                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        126796534500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          1296860741985                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           771.897762                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 203041329501                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  55757000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 1410964272249                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    226166144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total         226166144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1    225287680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total      225287680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1      3533846                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            3533846                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1      3520120                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total           3520120                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    135448509                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            135448509                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    134922406                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           134922406                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    270370914                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           270370914                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                    3533846                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                   3520120                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                  3533846                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                 3520120                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM             211823168                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ               14342976                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten              220406208                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys              226166144                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys           225287680                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                224109                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                76271                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0           192327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1           304878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2           179402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3           229025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4           217348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5           169444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6           255606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7           152641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8           190213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9           234011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10          239456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11          166994                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12          212939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13          185916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14          172148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15          207389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0           194102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1           319398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2           181269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3           235063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4           219125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5           171897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6           264410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7           172153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8           217733                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9           240934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10          270697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11          167750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12          215814                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13          189660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14          173306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15          210536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 1669757431500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6              3533846                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6             3520120                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                3302182                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   7484                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                     71                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                 12037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                 12201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                211657                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                213853                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                213953                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                213868                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                213805                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                213823                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                213986                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                214006                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                214175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                214159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                213772                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                213716                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                213711                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                213696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                213694                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                213693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples      5633290                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean    76.727767                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    71.768081                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev    43.008568                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127      4867878     86.41%     86.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255       695508     12.35%     98.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        54988      0.98%     99.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         8098      0.14%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2717      0.05%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1073      0.02%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          531      0.01%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          454      0.01%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2043      0.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total      5633290                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples       213693                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     15.488275                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     2.240335                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-3             55      0.03%      0.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4-7            908      0.42%      0.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8-11          1447      0.68%      1.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::12-15        87095     40.76%     41.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16-19       122294     57.23%     99.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          585      0.27%     99.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::24-27          303      0.14%     99.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::28-31          239      0.11%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::32-35          217      0.10%     99.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::36-39          155      0.07%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::40-43          120      0.06%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::44-47           75      0.04%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           72      0.03%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::52-55           42      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           31      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::60-63           24      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           12      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::68-71            8      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            3      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::76-79            4      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::84-87            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::92-95            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::96-99            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total       213693                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples       213693                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.115862                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.109413                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.472769                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16          201444     94.27%     94.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17             151      0.07%     94.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18           11700      5.48%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19             384      0.18%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20              14      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total       213693                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 86244854425                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat           148302423175                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat               16548685000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    26057.92                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               44807.92                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      126.86                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      132.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   135.45                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   134.92                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.99                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   1.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.54                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  308196                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 812103                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                 9.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               23.58                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    236711.86                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   16.59                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy             21659785560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy             11818335375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy            13333249800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy           11446453440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        109735551120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        1011920709870                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        120406610250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          1300320695415                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           773.957143                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 191572661750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  55757000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 1422432456250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy             21039638760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy             11479961625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy            12630820800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy           10995698160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        109735551120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        1006593280965                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        125079793500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          1297554744930                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           772.310836                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 200240056752                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  55757000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 1413762142248                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    221226688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total         221226688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2    220353536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total      220353536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2      3456667                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total            3456667                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2      3443024                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total           3443024                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    132490321                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            132490321                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    131967399                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           131967399                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    264457720                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           264457720                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                    3456667                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                   3443024                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                  3456667                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                 3443024                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM             210379072                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ               10847616                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten              217198848                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys              221226688                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys           220353536                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                169494                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                49295                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0           191915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1           307658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2           175996                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3           227523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4           215589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5           160704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6           257849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7           149655                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8           192275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9           234052                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10          229642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11          164872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12          213765                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13          184575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14          171418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15          209685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0           193687                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1           321238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2           175765                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3           233914                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4           218117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5           162021                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6           266858                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7           151476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8           214330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9           241591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10          259233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11          164459                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12          218181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13          185804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14          173126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15          213932                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 1669757550500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6              3456667                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6             3443024                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                3279063                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   8039                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                     68                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                 10411                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                 10605                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                208920                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                210955                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                210946                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                210926                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                210863                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                210858                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                211021                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                211043                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                211186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                211214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                210830                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                210792                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                210793                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                210777                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                210766                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                210766                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                    54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples      5570406                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean    76.758912                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean    71.778893                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev    43.143343                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127      4813438     86.41%     86.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255       687599     12.34%     98.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        54208      0.97%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         8301      0.15%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2699      0.05%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1173      0.02%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895          536      0.01%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          457      0.01%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1995      0.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total      5570406                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples       210766                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     15.596353                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     2.221524                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-3             97      0.05%      0.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::4-7            635      0.30%      0.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::8-11          2045      0.97%      1.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::12-15        73881     35.05%     36.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::16-19       132020     62.64%     99.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          816      0.39%     99.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::24-27          298      0.14%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::28-31          232      0.11%     99.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::32-35          201      0.10%     99.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::36-39          138      0.07%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::40-43          108      0.05%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::44-47          100      0.05%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           56      0.03%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::52-55           43      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           45      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::60-63           22      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           12      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::68-71            8      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            5      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::76-79            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::84-87            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::88-91            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::104-107            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total       210766                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples       210765                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.101919                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.096185                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.445954                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16          200167     94.97%     94.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::17             121      0.06%     95.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18           10093      4.79%     99.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::19             363      0.17%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::20              20      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::21               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total       210765                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 85762471900                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat           147396965650                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat               16435865000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    26090.04                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               44840.04                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      125.99                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      130.08                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   132.49                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   131.97                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.98                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   1.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     25.55                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  301797                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 808706                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                 9.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               23.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    242004.69                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   16.62                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy             21298440240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy             11621172750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy            13224346200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy           11221130880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy        109735551120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy        1010424442770                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy        121719125250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          1299244209210                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           773.316413                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 193865548751                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF  55757000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 1420139083249                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy             20920682160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy             11415054750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy            12561003000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy           10892251440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy        109735551120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy        1004550198615                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy        126871971000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          1296946712085                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           771.948932                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 203318368751                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF  55757000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 1410686296749                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    222020544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total         222020544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3    221148608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total      221148608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3      3469071                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total            3469071                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3      3455447                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total           3455447                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    132965753                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            132965753                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    132443559                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           132443559                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    265409312                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           265409312                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                    3469071                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                   3455447                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                  3469071                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                 3455447                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM             211098368                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ               10922176                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten              218876544                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys              222020544                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys           221148608                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                170659                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                35506                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0           191375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1           307600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2           174594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3           229748                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4           213362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5           158455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6           255007                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7           148898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8           189038                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9           234360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10          236067                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11          174580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12          214220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13          186181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14          175577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15          209350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0           193236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1           320727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2           174166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3           244984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4           214646                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5           158827                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6           263948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7           150835                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8           208315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9           238094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10          273018                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11          182208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12          219086                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13          188572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14          177195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15          212089                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 1669757409500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6              3469071                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6             3455447                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                3289988                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   8343                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                     80                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                 11326                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                 11500                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                210143                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                212476                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                212509                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                212511                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                212411                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                212414                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                212599                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                212631                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                212744                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                212718                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                212373                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                212330                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                212308                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                212296                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                212288                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                212287                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                    72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples      5590937                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean    76.905721                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean    71.880765                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev    43.255011                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127      4821480     86.24%     86.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255       698816     12.50%     98.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        55357      0.99%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         8488      0.15%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2710      0.05%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1075      0.02%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895          523      0.01%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          483      0.01%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2005      0.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total      5590937                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples       212287                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     15.537522                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     2.252340                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            121      0.06%      0.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::4-7            907      0.43%      0.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::8-11          1123      0.53%      1.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::12-15        81785     38.53%     39.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::16-19       126468     59.57%     99.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          593      0.28%     99.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::24-27          299      0.14%     99.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::28-31          184      0.09%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::32-35          219      0.10%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::36-39          169      0.08%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::40-43          139      0.07%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::44-47           88      0.04%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           69      0.03%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::52-55           48      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           25      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::60-63           19      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           13      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::68-71            7      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            3      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::76-79            4      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::96-99            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::100-103            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total       212287                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples       212287                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.110011                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.103876                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.461151                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16          200711     94.55%     94.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::17             176      0.08%     94.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18           11043      5.20%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::19             339      0.16%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::20              15      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::21               3      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total       212287                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 86113710653                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat           147958935653                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat               16492060000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    26107.63                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               44857.63                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      126.42                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      131.08                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   132.97                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   132.44                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.99                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   1.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     25.54                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  304812                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 822612                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                 9.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               24.05                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    241136.99                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   16.78                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy             21224042280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy             11580578625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy            13160199000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy           11207198880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy        109735551120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy        1009674996795                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy        122376534000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          1298959100700                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           773.146715                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 195095936752                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF  55757000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 1418910452248                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy             21145909680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy             11537946750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy            12710373000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy           11072745360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy        109735551120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy        1006399085670                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy        125250140250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          1297851751830                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           772.487616                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 200600368250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF  55757000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 1413403943250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      3334618581                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    3519136                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                      7120415                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              6998858                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                 15071                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     172722                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       555879                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     6998858                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                        15071                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           13888072                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           5694422                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads               24633                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes              11975                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             4073315                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes            2334000                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      1553030                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     941752                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    611278                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              3305847128.442312                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              28771452.557688                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.008628                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.991372                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           799191                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                75464      1.06%      1.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  5452194     76.56%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    8699      0.12%     77.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    20411      0.29%     78.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                  11364      0.16%     78.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                     16      0.00%     78.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  941752     13.22%     91.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 611278      8.58%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                   7121178                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      3337515304                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  106207695                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                    215342369                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            201421462                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses              11007408                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                    3571807                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     16898420                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   201421462                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                     11007408                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          396387966                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         161356102                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads            21512831                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes           10905664                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           118779560                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           67336280                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     42735394                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   29565982                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  13169412                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              2084887281.539311                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              1252628022.460689                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.375318                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.624682                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         24823940                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               532997      0.25%      0.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                161631072     75.05%     75.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   35224      0.02%     75.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                    11610      0.01%     75.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd               10405806      4.83%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                     64      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                29565982     13.73%     93.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               13169412      6.12%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                 215352167                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      3343808851                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                  271571175                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                    446971328                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses            350878682                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses             109616405                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                    5474668                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts     16743670                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                   350878682                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                    109616405                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads          745964715                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes         279503414                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads           204653196                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes          105658684                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads           179743158                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes          154039110                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                     93988233                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                   74506167                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                  19482066                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              1255573373.093791                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              2088235477.906209                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.624508                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.375492                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                         26960476                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass              3942054      0.88%      0.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                257999652     57.72%     58.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    7010      0.00%     58.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                     5238      0.00%     58.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd               91031809     20.37%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                74506167     16.67%     95.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite               19482066      4.36%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                 446973996                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      3342328997                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    3770777                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      7537695                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              7364747                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                  5529                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     169276                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       614954                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     7364747                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                         5529                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           14555655                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           6007494                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                9130                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes               4391                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             4522450                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            2677602                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      1618023                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                     995256                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    622767                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              3311946162.345038                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              30382834.654962                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.009090                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.990910                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                           842852                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                72749      0.97%      0.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  5813722     77.13%     78.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                    7877      0.10%     78.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    21418      0.28%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   4192      0.06%     78.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     78.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                  995256     13.20%     91.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 622767      8.26%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   7537981                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1732                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1732                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                3318                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               3318                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               151                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              151                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           54                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           56                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           56                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           54                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          220                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          656                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           96                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          942                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1716                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          906                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           74                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          992                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1008                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3016                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          680                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           78                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          812                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          964                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2552                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          656                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           88                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1184                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          956                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2898                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   10402                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          108                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          108                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          370                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1884                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2478                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          516                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          148                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          382                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          156                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          406                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2908                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          370                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3078                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    12152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              2541000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy               282476                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             1901500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             1073476                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             1328322                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             1321202                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             1244479                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              180937                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1239500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             2313000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             1967500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             2271000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages          887                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes      3633152                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs          887                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           39                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes       159744                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           39                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  2                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  19                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               44778604                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.002761                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 0.150703                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    44760587     99.96%     99.96% |        1636      0.00%     99.96% |        1931      0.00%     99.97% |        6312      0.01%     99.98% |        6760      0.02%    100.00% |         268      0.00%    100.00% |         118      0.00%    100.00% |         148      0.00%    100.00% |         450      0.00%    100.00% |         394      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 44778604                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   1171590076                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000001                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000001                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000988                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1171588933    100.00%    100.00% |        1143      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   1171590076                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     1171590076                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          3.714654                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.097418                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev        22.122328                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  1164028126     99.35%     99.35% |     6027213      0.51%     99.87% |     1099016      0.09%     99.96% |      216590      0.02%     99.98% |      161493      0.01%    100.00% |       46450      0.00%    100.00% |        3024      0.00%    100.00% |        7813      0.00%    100.00% |         351      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       1171590076                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   1149200684                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1149200684    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   1149200684                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     22389392                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   143.052154                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   129.592467                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    76.262388                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |    14827442     66.23%     66.23% |     6027213     26.92%     93.15% |     1099016      4.91%     98.05% |      216590      0.97%     99.02% |      161493      0.72%     99.74% |       46450      0.21%     99.95% |        3024      0.01%     99.96% |        7813      0.03%    100.00% |         351      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     22389392                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.incomplete_times_seqr       587911                      
system.ruby.Directory.incomplete_times_seqr     21801481                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_hits      6001691                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_misses       178982                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_accesses      6180673                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_hits    187120092                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_misses      5938860                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_accesses    193058952                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles             2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_hits    470222445                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_misses      7901500                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_accesses    478123945                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_hits      6376357                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_misses       208181                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_accesses      6584538                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     0.026818                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Control::2       178982                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Data::2        66788                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::4       291446                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       179268                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Control::2      1431856                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Data::2      4808736                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     20984112                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1434144                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized     0.889212                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Control::2      5938860                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Data::2      5858470                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Data::4      6019679                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      5939324                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Control::2     47510880                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Data::2    421809840                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    433416888                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     47514592                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized     1.182999                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Control::2      7901500                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Data::2      7838373                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Data::4      7964201                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      7901090                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Control::2     63212000                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Data::2    564362856                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    573422472                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     63208720                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized     0.031136                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Control::2       208181                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Data::2        87663                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Data::4       328257                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       207755                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Control::2      1665448                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Data::2      6311736                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     23634504                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1662040                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     0.516657                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Control::2      3523476                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Data::2      3434571                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::1        14436                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::4      3434631                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        15060                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          624                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      3523482                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Control::2     28187808                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Data::2    247289112                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1039392                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    247293432                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       120480                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4992                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     28187856                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.529416                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Control::2      3612006                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Data::2      3519499                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::1        14321                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::4      3519529                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        14945                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          624                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      3611981                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Control::2     28896048                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Data::2    253403928                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1031112                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    253406088                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       119560                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4992                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     28895848                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.517948                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Control::2      3540335                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Data::2      3442400                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::1        14247                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::4      3442429                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        14871                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          624                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      3540315                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Control::2     28322680                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Data::2    247852800                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1025784                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    247854888                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       118968                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4992                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     28322520                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.519790                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Control::2      3551706                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Data::2      3454824                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::1        14199                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::4      3454874                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        14823                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          624                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      3551659                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Control::2     28413648                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Data::2    248747328                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1022328                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    248750928                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       118584                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4992                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     28413272                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.004320                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1        57203                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        59699                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2496                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4118616                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       477592                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        19968                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.421830                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::2     14227523                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Data::2     13851294                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1        57203                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::4     14227523                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        59699                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2496                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3     14227437                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::2    113820184                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Data::2    997293168                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4118616                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4   1024381656                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       477592                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        19968                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3    113819496                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        42682569                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Data           41553882                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     42854178                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     42868896                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control        341460552                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Data          2991879504                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   3085500816                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    342951168                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     0.026802                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       178982                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       179268                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     12886704                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1434144                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     0.026834                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2       178982                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2        66788                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       112464                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2      1431856                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2      4808736                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      8097408                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization     0.889187                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4      5938860                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      5939324                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    427597920                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     47514592                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization     0.889238                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2      5938860                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2      5858470                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        80819                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2     47510880                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2    421809840                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5818968                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization     1.183025                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4      7901500                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      7901090                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    568908000                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     63208720                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization     1.182974                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2      7901500                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2      7838373                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        62701                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2     63212000                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2    564362856                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      4514472                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization     0.031163                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       208181                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       207755                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     14989032                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1662040                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization     0.031110                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2       208181                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2        87663                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       120076                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2      1665448                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2      6311736                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      8645472                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     0.515789                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2      3523476                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2      3434571                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        15060                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2     28187808                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2    247289112                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       120480                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     0.517526                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        14436                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      3434631                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          624                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      3523482                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1039392                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    247293432                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4992                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     28187856                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.528556                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2      3612006                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2      3519499                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        14945                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2     28896048                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2    253403928                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       119560                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.530275                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        14321                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      3519529                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          624                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      3611981                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1031112                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    253406088                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4992                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     28895848                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.517093                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2      3540335                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2      3442400                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        14871                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2     28322680                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2    247852800                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       118968                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.518803                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        14247                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      3442429                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          624                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      3540315                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1025784                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    247854888                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4992                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     28322520                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.518937                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2      3551706                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2      3454824                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        14823                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2     28413648                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2    248747328                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       118584                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.520644                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        14199                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      3454874                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          624                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      3551659                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1022328                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    248750928                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4992                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     28413272                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.007745                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        57203                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2496                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4118616                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        19968                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000894                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        59699                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       477592                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.026802                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       178982                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       179268                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     12886704                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1434144                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.889187                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      5938860                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      5939324                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    427597920                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     47514592                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.link_utilization     1.183025                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::4      7901500                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      7901090                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    568908000                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     63208720                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.link_utilization     0.031163                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::4       208181                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       207755                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     14989032                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1662040                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.link_utilization     0.515789                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Control::2      3523476                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Data::2      3434571                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        15060                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::2     28187808                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Data::2    247289112                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       120480                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.link_utilization     0.528556                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Control::2      3612006                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Data::2      3519499                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        14945                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::2     28896048                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::2    253403928                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       119560                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.link_utilization     0.517093                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Control::2      3540335                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Data::2      3442400                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        14871                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Control::2     28322680                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Data::2    247852800                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       118968                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.link_utilization     0.518937                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Control::2      3551706                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Data::2      3454824                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        14823                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Control::2     28413648                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Data::2    248747328                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       118584                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.link_utilization     0.007745                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1        57203                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2496                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4118616                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        19968                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples      22389392                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.000287                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.044294                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |    22388363    100.00%    100.00% |          98      0.00%    100.00% |         102      0.00%    100.00% |         415      0.00%    100.00% |         401      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total        22389392                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples      22389212                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.005235                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.208443                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |    22372224     99.92%     99.92% |        1538      0.01%     99.93% |        1829      0.01%     99.94% |        5897      0.03%     99.97% |        6359      0.03%     99.99% |         255      0.00%    100.00% |         118      0.00%    100.00% |         148      0.00%    100.00% |         450      0.00%    100.00% |         394      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total        22389212                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    217329406                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean      10.944500                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.400884                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     41.612462                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   212280604     97.68%     97.68% |     3990667      1.84%     99.51% |      757845      0.35%     99.86% |      148078      0.07%     99.93% |      112526      0.05%     99.98% |       31901      0.01%    100.00% |        2113      0.00%    100.00% |        5427      0.00%    100.00% |         245      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     217329406                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    202343339                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   202343339    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    202343339                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     14986067                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   145.216104                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   132.782495                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    75.813334                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     9937265     66.31%     66.31% |     3990667     26.63%     92.94% |      757845      5.06%     98.00% |      148078      0.99%     98.98% |      112526      0.75%     99.74% |       31901      0.21%     99.95% |        2113      0.01%     99.96% |        5427      0.04%    100.00% |         245      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     14986067                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     41527518                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.427715                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.015701                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      8.677516                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    41493305     99.92%     99.92% |       25388      0.06%     99.98% |        6429      0.02%     99.99% |        1094      0.00%    100.00% |         935      0.00%    100.00% |         310      0.00%    100.00% |          23      0.00%    100.00% |          30      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      41527518                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     41391796                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    41391796    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     41391796                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       135722                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   131.870168                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   117.557958                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    77.257383                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      101509     74.79%     74.79% |       25388     18.71%     93.50% |        6429      4.74%     98.23% |        1094      0.81%     99.04% |         935      0.69%     99.73% |         310      0.23%     99.96% |          23      0.02%     99.97% |          30      0.02%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       135722                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples    886334780                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.111417                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.006225                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.706551                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |   886215043     99.99%     99.99% |       93998      0.01%    100.00% |       17835      0.00%    100.00% |        3476      0.00%    100.00% |        3223      0.00%    100.00% |         995      0.00%    100.00% |          69      0.00%    100.00% |         135      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total    886334780                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    885007254                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   885007254    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    885007254                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1327526                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    75.388255                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    63.020307                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    60.393100                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |     1207789     90.98%     90.98% |       93998      7.08%     98.06% |       17835      1.34%     99.40% |        3476      0.26%     99.67% |        3223      0.24%     99.91% |         995      0.07%     99.98% |          69      0.01%     99.99% |         135      0.01%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1327526                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      1228224                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.595213                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.061137                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    16.656300                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |     1224065     99.66%     99.66% |        3241      0.26%     99.93% |         639      0.05%     99.98% |         144      0.01%     99.99% |          96      0.01%    100.00% |          34      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      1228224                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1212738                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1212738    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      1212738                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        15486                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   127.519372                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   110.655420                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    78.732074                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       11327     73.14%     73.14% |        3241     20.93%     94.07% |         639      4.13%     98.20% |         144      0.93%     99.13% |          96      0.62%     99.75% |          34      0.22%     99.97% |           2      0.01%     99.98% |           1      0.01%     99.99% |           2      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        15486                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples     12585074                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean    72.573325                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.363752                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    90.927597                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |    10230035     81.29%     81.29% |     1913919     15.21%     96.49% |      316268      2.51%     99.01% |       63798      0.51%     99.51% |       44713      0.36%     99.87% |       13210      0.10%     99.98% |         817      0.01%     99.98% |        2220      0.02%    100.00% |          94      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total     12585074                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      6660483                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     6660483    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      6660483                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5924591                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   153.036754                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   143.605525                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    73.001379                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |     3569552     60.25%     60.25% |     1913919     32.30%     92.55% |      316268      5.34%     97.89% |       63798      1.08%     98.97% |       44713      0.75%     99.72% |       13210      0.22%     99.95% |         817      0.01%     99.96% |        2220      0.04%    100.00% |          94      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      5924591                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples     12585074                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    12585074    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total     12585074                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     12585074                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    12585074    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     12585074                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       587911                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.239659                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.197336                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.349368                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      587862     99.99%     99.99% |          36      0.01%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       587911                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     21801481                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   145.662855                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   133.247716                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    75.584886                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |    14239544     65.31%     65.31% |     6027205     27.65%     92.96% |     1099014      5.04%     98.00% |      216590      0.99%     98.99% |      161490      0.74%     99.74% |       46450      0.21%     99.95% |        3024      0.01%     99.96% |        7813      0.04%    100.00% |         351      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     21801481                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       106160                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.328514                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.274331                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.009047                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      106118     99.96%     99.96% |          31      0.03%     99.99% |           5      0.00%     99.99% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       106160                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     14879907                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   145.921613                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   133.784864                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    75.619704                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     9831116     66.07%     66.07% |     3990659     26.82%     92.89% |      757843      5.09%     97.98% |      148078      1.00%     98.98% |      112525      0.76%     99.73% |       31901      0.21%     99.95% |        2113      0.01%     99.96% |        5427      0.04%    100.00% |         245      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     14879907                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         3032                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    47.673153                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    47.632925                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.944045                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1032     34.04%     34.04% |        2000     65.96%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         3032                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       132690                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   133.794091                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   120.009938                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    77.066939                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       98477     74.22%     74.22% |       25388     19.13%     93.35% |        6429      4.85%     98.19% |        1094      0.82%     99.02% |         935      0.70%     99.72% |         310      0.23%     99.96% |          23      0.02%     99.97% |          30      0.02%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       132690                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       474917                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.209689                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.170138                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.177066                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      474910    100.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       474917                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       852609                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    91.641187                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    74.945262                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    70.270284                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      732874     85.96%     85.96% |       93998     11.02%     96.98% |       17835      2.09%     99.07% |        3476      0.41%     99.48% |        3221      0.38%     99.86% |         995      0.12%     99.98% |          69      0.01%     99.98% |         135      0.02%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       852609                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          824                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.401699                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.362500                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.925728                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         537     65.17%     65.17% |         287     34.83%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          824                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        14662                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   132.078161                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   116.199769                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    78.462188                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       10503     71.63%     71.63% |        3241     22.10%     93.74% |         639      4.36%     98.10% |         144      0.98%     99.08% |          96      0.65%     99.73% |          34      0.23%     99.97% |           2      0.01%     99.98% |           1      0.01%     99.99% |           2      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        14662                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         2978                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.347213                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.308826                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.905297                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1986     66.69%     66.69% |         992     33.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         2978                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5921613                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   153.090409                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   143.687282                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    72.980493                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     3566574     60.23%     60.23% |     1913919     32.32%     92.55% |      316268      5.34%     97.89% |       63798      1.08%     98.97% |       44713      0.76%     99.72% |       13210      0.22%     99.95% |         817      0.01%     99.96% |        2220      0.04%    100.00% |          94      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      5921613                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |     3523524     24.76%     24.76% |     3612104     25.39%     50.15% |     3540402     24.88%     75.04% |     3551813     24.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total     14227843                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX    |     3434571     24.80%     24.80% |     3519497     25.41%     50.21% |     3442400     24.85%     75.06% |     3454824     24.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX::total     13851292                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX_NotOwner |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX_NotOwner::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |       14436     25.24%     25.24% |       14321     25.04%     50.27% |       14247     24.91%     75.18% |       14199     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total        57203                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |         624     25.00%     25.00% |         624     25.00%     50.00% |         624     25.00%     75.00% |         624     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         2496                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |     3449001     24.80%     24.80% |     3533846     25.41%     50.21% |     3456667     24.85%     75.06% |     3469071     24.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total     13908585                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |     3435195     24.80%     24.80% |     3520120     25.41%     50.21% |     3443024     24.85%     75.06% |     3455447     24.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total     13853786                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX  |     3434631     24.80%     24.80% |     3519529     25.41%     50.21% |     3442429     24.85%     75.06% |     3454874     24.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX::total     13851463                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |       14370     25.16%     25.16% |       14317     25.06%     50.22% |       14238     24.93%     75.15% |       14197     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total        57122                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |         624     25.02%     25.02% |         623     24.98%     50.00% |         624     25.02%     75.02% |         623     24.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total         2494                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.GETX  |       88845     23.63%     23.63% |       92477     24.59%     48.22% |       97906     26.03%     74.25% |       96832     25.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.GETX::total       376060                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX  |     3434505     24.80%     24.80% |     3519492     25.41%     50.20% |     3442391     24.85%     75.06% |     3454821     24.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX::total     13851209                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX_NotOwner |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX_NotOwner::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          66     81.48%     81.48% |           4      4.94%     86.42% |           9     11.11%     97.53% |           2      2.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           81                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.PUTX |          66     81.48%     81.48% |           4      4.94%     86.42% |           9     11.11%     97.53% |           2      2.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.PUTX::total           81                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.PUTX::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          66     81.48%     81.48% |           4      4.94%     86.42% |           9     11.11%     97.53% |           2      2.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           81                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.GETX |          48     15.24%     15.24% |          97     30.79%     46.03% |          63     20.00%     66.03% |         107     33.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.GETX::total          315                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |     3434631     24.80%     24.80% |     3519529     25.41%     50.21% |     3442429     24.85%     75.06% |     3454874     24.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total     13851463                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           4     80.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.GETX::total            5                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |     3434505     24.80%     24.80% |     3519492     25.41%     50.20% |     3442391     24.85%     75.06% |     3454821     24.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total     13851209                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |       14370     25.16%     25.16% |       14317     25.06%     50.22% |       14238     24.93%     75.15% |       14197     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total        57122                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |         624     25.02%     25.02% |         623     24.98%     50.00% |         624     25.02%     75.02% |         623     24.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total         2494                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |       57203    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total        57203                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        2496    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         2496                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |       57203    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total          57203                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |        2496    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total            2496                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |       57203    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total        57203                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        2496    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         2496                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |       57203    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total        57203                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |        2496    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total         2496                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |      896088      0.70%      0.70% |    37709475     29.52%     30.22% |    88247974     69.07%     99.29% |      907893      0.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    127761430                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     4615137      0.90%      0.90% |   138956124     27.05%     27.94% |   365257915     71.09%     99.03% |     4960860      0.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    513790036                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |      669448      1.58%      1.58% |    16393353     38.67%     40.25% |    24618056     58.07%     98.31% |      715785      1.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     42396642                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |      178982      1.26%      1.26% |     5938860     41.74%     43.00% |     7901500     55.54%     98.54% |      208181      1.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total     14227523                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |      112464     29.91%     29.91% |       80819     21.49%     51.40% |       62701     16.67%     68.07% |      120076     31.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total       376060                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |          32     19.28%     19.28% |          70     42.17%     61.45% |          32     19.28%     80.72% |          32     19.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total          166                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Replacement |       85265      0.61%      0.61% |     5872490     42.21%     42.82% |     7850912     56.43%     99.24% |      105084      0.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Replacement::total     13913751                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |       66788      0.48%      0.48% |     5858470     42.30%     42.78% |     7838372     56.59%     99.37% |       87662      0.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total     13851292                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Nack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Nack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       48048      0.50%      0.50% |     4405936     45.39%     45.89% |     5189769     53.47%     99.36% |       62541      0.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total      9706294                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |      119105     14.85%     14.85% |      184363     22.98%     37.83% |      370534     46.19%     84.01% |      128267     15.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total       802269                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |       11829      0.32%      0.32% |     1348561     36.26%     36.58% |     2341197     62.95%     99.53% |       17373      0.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total      3718960                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Replacement |       18493     29.57%     29.57% |       14055     22.47%     52.04% |       12555     20.08%     72.12% |       17437     27.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Replacement::total        62540                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Writeback_Nack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Writeback_Nack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |      848040      0.72%      0.72% |    33303539     28.21%     28.93% |    83058205     70.36%     99.28% |      845352      0.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total    118055136                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch  |     4496032      0.88%      0.88% |   138771761     27.05%     27.93% |   364887381     71.13%     99.06% |     4832593      0.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch::total    512987767                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |      657619      1.70%      1.70% |    15044792     38.90%     40.60% |    22276859     57.60%     98.19% |      698412      1.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     38677682                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |      112464     29.91%     29.91% |       80819     21.49%     51.40% |       62700     16.67%     68.07% |      120075     31.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total       376058                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |          16     19.28%     19.28% |          35     42.17%     61.45% |          16     19.28%     80.72% |          16     19.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total           83                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Replacement |       66772      0.48%      0.48% |     5858435     42.30%     42.78% |     7838357     56.59%     99.37% |       87647      0.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Replacement::total     13851211                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Fwd_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Inv    |          16     19.28%     19.28% |          35     42.17%     61.45% |          16     19.28%     80.72% |          16     19.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Inv::total           83                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack |       66788      0.48%      0.48% |     5858470     42.30%     42.78% |     7838372     56.59%     99.37% |       87662      0.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack::total     13851292                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |      167153      1.59%      1.59% |     4590299     43.68%     45.27% |     5560303     52.91%     98.18% |      190808      1.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total     10508563                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |       11829      0.32%      0.32% |     1348561     36.26%     36.58% |     2341197     62.95%     99.53% |       17373      0.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total      3718960                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
