
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.648818                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1648818461500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               53877257964001                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 121342                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   180778                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              276084038                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1799816                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  5972.16                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   724671038                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1079633789                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    187239744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total         187239744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     85101440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       85101440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0      2925621                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total            2925621                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1329710                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total           1329710                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    113559951                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            113559951                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     51613590                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            51613590                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    165173541                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           165173541                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                    2925621                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                   1329710                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                  2925621                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                 1329710                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM             187150080                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  89664                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               85081472                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys              187239744                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            85101440                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                  1401                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                  293                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0           184582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1           183722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2           182758                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3           182755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4           182593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5           181979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6           182126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7           181889                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8           182074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9           181818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10          181709                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11          182200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12          182758                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13          182742                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14          183533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15          184982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            84498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            84222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            82809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            82724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            82721                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            82641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            82366                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            82488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            82590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            82476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           82426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           82747                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           83239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           83185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           83887                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           84379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 1648818460500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6              2925621                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6             1329710                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                2923911                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                    308                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                 53333                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                 56842                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                 71586                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                 76484                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                 77050                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                 76998                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                 76904                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                 76887                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                 76749                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                 76786                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                 76847                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                 76576                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                 76402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                 76254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                 76293                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                 75789                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                 75684                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                 75729                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                   162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                    11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples      1903523                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   143.014652                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    89.971542                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   215.861596                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127      1510552     79.36%     79.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255       153109      8.04%     87.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        58837      3.09%     90.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        37736      1.98%     92.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639        26296      1.38%     93.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767        23356      1.23%     95.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895        12159      0.64%     95.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        21929      1.15%     96.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        59549      3.13%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total      1903523                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        75674                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     38.742778                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  1189.006910                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-8191        75665     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8192-16383            3      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::24576-32767            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::57344-65535            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::73728-81919            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::139264-147455            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::155648-163839            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::221184-229375            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        75674                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        75674                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.567434                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.537811                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.012446                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16           19222     25.40%     25.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17            2250      2.97%     28.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18           47988     63.41%     91.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19            4878      6.45%     98.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20            1038      1.37%     99.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21             217      0.29%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22              60      0.08%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::23              15      0.02%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::24               4      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::26               2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        75674                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 33539099249                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            88368224249                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat               14621100000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    11469.42                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               30219.42                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      113.51                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       51.60                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   113.56                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    51.61                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        1.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.89                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.40                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     24.65                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                 1851150                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 498946                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                63.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               37.53                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    387471.26                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   55.25                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy              7209798120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy              3933917625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy            11429113800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy            4305759120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        107908803600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        494250018435                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        557722782000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          1186760192700                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           718.323177                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 922898487000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  55057860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 670862126000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy              7199493840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy              3928295250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy            11439472200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy            4308739920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        107908803600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        495054014265                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        557017522500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          1186856341575                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           718.381374                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 922330294250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  55057860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 671435932000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    187304192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total         187304192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     85191104                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       85191104                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1      2926628                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            2926628                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1331111                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total           1331111                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    113599039                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            113599039                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     51667971                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            51667971                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    165267009                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           165267009                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                    2926628                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                   1331111                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                  2926628                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                 1331111                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM             187220416                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  83776                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               85175360                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys              187304192                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            85191104                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                  1309                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                  220                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0           184803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1           183970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2           182764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3           182588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4           182473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5           182057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6           182020                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7           181956                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8           182188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9           181873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10          181810                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11          182410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12          183048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13          182774                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14          183637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15          184948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            84492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            84298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            82851                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            82849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            82647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            82763                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            82504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            82567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            82690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            82574                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           82567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           82891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           83467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           83263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           84030                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           84412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 1648818247000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6              2926628                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6             1331111                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                2925120                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                    197                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                 53117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                 56691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 71639                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 76709                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 77080                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 77116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 77068                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 76979                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 76877                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 76871                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 76894                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 76674                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 76645                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 76370                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 76339                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 75900                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 75795                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 75841                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                   191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                    39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                    11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples      1906261                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   142.895421                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    89.911947                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   215.854710                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127      1513388     79.39%     79.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255       153097      8.03%     87.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        58879      3.09%     90.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        37518      1.97%     92.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639        26491      1.39%     93.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767        23098      1.21%     95.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895        11953      0.63%     95.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        21831      1.15%     96.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        60006      3.15%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total      1906261                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        75781                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     38.702260                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  1320.383653                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-8191        75774     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8192-16383            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16384-24575            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::40960-49151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::196608-204799            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::204800-212991            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::212992-221183            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        75781                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        75781                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.561988                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.531840                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.023581                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16           19461     25.68%     25.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17            2335      3.08%     28.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18           47792     63.07%     91.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19            4866      6.42%     98.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20             971      1.28%     99.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21             261      0.34%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22              54      0.07%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::23              24      0.03%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::24               6      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::25               2      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::26               2      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::27               5      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::29               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::33               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        75781                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 33550479750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            88400211000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat               14626595000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    11469.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               30219.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      113.55                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       51.66                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   113.60                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    51.67                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        1.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.89                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.40                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     24.44                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                 1850522                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 499402                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                63.26                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               37.52                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    387252.07                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   55.21                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy              7215710040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy              3937143375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy            11430759600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy            4309012080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        107908803600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        494246651445                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        557725735500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          1186773815640                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           718.331422                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 922948788750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  55057860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 670812038250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              7214334120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy              3936392625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy            11446601400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy            4314993120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        107908803600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        495586560420                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        556550376750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          1186958062035                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           718.442943                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 921572563750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  55057860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 672193303250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      3293014328                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1306771                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2852173                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              2790865                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                      84648                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       187462                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     2790865                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads            5671422                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           2312300                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             1567976                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes             851695                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                       673614                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     415851                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    257763                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              3287415232.774367                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              5599095.225633                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.001700                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.998300                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           297782                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                49200      1.72%      1.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  2107584     73.89%     75.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    5377      0.19%     75.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    16401      0.58%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  415851     14.58%     90.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 257763      9.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                   2852176                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      3296860267                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    3751166                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                      7489447                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses              7355821                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1778                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     194978                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       633417                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                     7355821                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                         1778                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           14631338                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           5981865                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                2988                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes               1416                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads             4736692                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes            2555808                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      1693492                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    1099814                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                    593678                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              3281532870.744747                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              15327396.255253                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.004649                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.995351                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                           862618                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                51498      0.69%      0.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  5719072     76.36%     77.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                    7238      0.10%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                    16893      0.23%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                   1344      0.02%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 1099814     14.68%     92.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                 593678      7.93%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                   7489537                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      3300646562                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    1209132                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      2603936                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              2545989                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                    39                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                      71184                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       183985                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     2545989                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                           39                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads            5180232                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           2112050                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                  63                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                 31                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             1471625                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes             770414                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                       620666                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     384984                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    235682                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              3295438175.820751                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              5208386.179249                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.001578                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.998422                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           278607                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                49451      1.90%      1.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  1911222     73.40%     75.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    5056      0.19%     75.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    17534      0.67%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                     30      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  384984     14.78%     90.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 235682      9.05%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   2603959                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      3299592008                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                  717058363                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                   1064213457                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses            463725027                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses             708837843                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     893903                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts     10822559                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                   463725027                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                    708837843                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads          971530898                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes         343638656                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads          1593836311                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes          654311799                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads           111567672                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes          201582886                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                    129299066                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                   75410633                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                  53888433                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              10626549.475689                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              3288965458.524312                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.996779                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.003221                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                         12006304                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass               312717      0.03%      0.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                431211739     40.52%     40.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   87451      0.01%     40.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                     2210      0.00%     40.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd              503316796     47.29%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                75410633      7.09%     94.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite               53888433      5.06%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                1064229979                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                   83                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                  83                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1713                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1713                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq                13                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp               13                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          836                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          866                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          162                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          852                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1034                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          836                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          846                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          848                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          862                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    3618                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           11                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1699                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           81                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1825                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1692                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1724                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     6960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                32996                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy              118000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             1049000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             1065998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             1049500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             1061294                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy                7000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy              652000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy              795000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy              635000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy              648000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   1225224590                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000423                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1225224371    100.00%    100.00% |         219      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   1225224590                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     1225224590                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.703806                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.057768                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         9.421531                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  1225088491     99.99%     99.99% |       63132      0.01%     99.99% |       70024      0.01%    100.00% |        1928      0.00%    100.00% |         709      0.00%    100.00% |         232      0.00%    100.00% |          54      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       1225224590                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   1219313930                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean      1.140253                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.034203                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.175948                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |  1202212745     98.60%     98.60% |           0      0.00%     98.60% |           0      0.00%     98.60% |           0      0.00%     98.60% |           0      0.00%     98.60% |    17101185      1.40%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   1219313930                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5910660                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   117.959623                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   110.377084                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    67.335039                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     5774561     97.70%     97.70% |       63132      1.07%     98.77% |       70024      1.18%     99.95% |        1928      0.03%     99.98% |         709      0.01%     99.99% |         232      0.00%    100.00% |          54      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      5910660                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.incomplete_times_seqr            6                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits       659724                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        13569                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       673293                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits      1716625                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses        20572                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses      1737197                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        22571                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        11570                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        34141                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1628476                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses        66929                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1695405                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits      4883257                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses        22311                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4905568                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        57383                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        31857                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        89240                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            10                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits       607218                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses        13452                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       620670                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits      1593665                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        13415                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses      1607080                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        15651                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        11216                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        26867                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits    143345688                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses     22834028                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    166179716                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits   1047778092                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        27569                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses   1047805661                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits     17005580                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses      5856017                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses     22861597                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles          2356                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers0.percent_links_utilized     0.091086                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        11570                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Request_Control::3            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        19726                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Control::4      5915013                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      5899084                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        11570                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        92560                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1420272                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     47320104                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     47192672                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        92560                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.percent_links_utilized     0.093348                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        31857                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Request_Control::3            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        46480                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Control::4      5932528                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         1669                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         2114                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         2114                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          445                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      5878800                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        31857                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       254856                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      3346560                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     47460224                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5       120168                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        16912                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        16912                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         3560                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     47030400                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       254856                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.percent_links_utilized     0.091150                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Request_Control::2        11216                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Request_Control::3            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Data::4        20852                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Control::4      5913703                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      5899439                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        11216                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        89728                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1501344                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     47309624                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     47195512                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        89728                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.percent_links_utilized     0.917397                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Request_Control::2      5856017                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Data::4      5881979                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Control::4     17585904                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5      2659152                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      5815377                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      5815377                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5      3156225                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        54639                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      5856017                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     46848136                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    423502488                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4    140687232                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5    191458944                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     46523016                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     46523016                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5     25249800                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       437112                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     46848136                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.percent_links_utilized     0.413681                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Request_Control::2      2957971                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Request_Control::3            5                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::4      2925621                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5      1329710                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      2908210                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      2908210                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5      1578500                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      2957966                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      2957971                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     23663768                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           40                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    210644712                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     95739120                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     23265680                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     23265680                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5     12628000                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     23663728                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     23663768                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.percent_links_utilized     0.413739                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Request_Control::2      2952689                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Request_Control::3            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::4      2926628                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5      1331111                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      2909281                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      2909281                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5      1578170                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      2952688                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      2952689                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     23621512                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    210717216                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     95839992                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     23274248                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     23274248                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5     12625360                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     23621504                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     23621512                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.percent_links_utilized     0.263753                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Request_Control::2      5910660                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Request_Control::3            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Response_Data::4      5910643                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Response_Control::4     17673574                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5      2660821                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      5817491                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      5817491                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5      3156670                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3     17731962                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      5910660                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     47285280                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    425566296                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4    141388592                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5    191579112                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     46539928                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     46539928                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5     25253360                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3    141855696                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     47285280                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control     17731998                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     17731929                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control     53020722                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      7982463                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     44374956                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Broadcast_Control     41374578                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Unblock_Control     17731980                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control    141855984                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   1276698888                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control    424165776                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    574737336                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    354999648                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Broadcast_Control    330996624                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Unblock_Control    141855840                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.link_utilization     0.091388                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        11567                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        24086                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      5899084                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       832824                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       192688                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     47192672                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.link_utilization     0.090785                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        11570                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4         8159                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4      5890927                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        11570                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        92560                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       587448                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     47127416                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        92560                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.link_utilization     0.094552                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        31852                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        68355                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         2114                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      5878800                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2293344                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       546840                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        16912                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     47030400                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.link_utilization     0.092144                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        31857                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        14628                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4      5864173                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         1669                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         2114                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          445                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        31857                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       254856                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1053216                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     46913384                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5       120168                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        16912                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         3560                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       254856                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.link_utilization     0.091342                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        11212                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        23901                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      5899439                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       807264                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       191208                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     47195512                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.link_utilization     0.090959                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        11216                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4         9640                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4      5889802                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        11216                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        89728                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       694080                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     47118416                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        89728                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.link_utilization     1.154332                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4      5856012                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4     17557232                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      5815377                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        54639                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    421632864                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4    140457856                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     46523016                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       437112                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.link_utilization     0.680463                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2      5856017                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        25967                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4        28672                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5      2659152                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      5815377                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5      3156225                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      5856017                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     46848136                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1869624                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       229376                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5    191458944                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     46523016                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5     25249800                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     46848136                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.link_utilization     0.339183                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2      2957971                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5      1329710                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      2908210                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5      1578500                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      2957971                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     23663768                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     95739120                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     23265680                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5     12628000                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     23663768                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.link_utilization     0.488179                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3            5                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      2925621                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      2908210                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      2957966                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           40                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    210644712                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     23265680                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     23663728                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.link_utilization     0.339225                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2      2952689                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5      1331111                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      2909281                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5      1578170                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      2952689                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     23621512                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     95839992                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     23274248                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5     12625360                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     23621512                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.link_utilization     0.488253                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      2926628                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      2909281                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      2952688                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    210717216                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     23274248                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     23621504                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.link_utilization     0.091388                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        11567                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        24086                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      5899084                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       832824                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       192688                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     47192672                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.link_utilization     0.094552                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        31852                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4        68355                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         2114                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      5878800                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2293344                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       546840                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        16912                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     47030400                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.link_utilization     0.091342                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Request_Control::3            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::4        11212                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::4        23901                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      5899439                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       807264                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       191208                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     47195512                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.link_utilization     1.154332                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::4      5856012                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::4     17557232                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      5815377                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        54639                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    421632864                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4    140457856                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     46523016                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       437112                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.link_utilization     0.339183                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::2      2957971                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5      1329710                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      2908210                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5      1578500                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      2957971                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     23663768                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     95739120                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     23265680                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5     12628000                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     23663768                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.link_utilization     0.339225                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::2      2952689                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5      1331111                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      2909281                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5      1578170                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      2952689                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     23621512                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     95839992                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     23274248                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5     12625360                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     23621512                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle7.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples     88383020                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       6.125426                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.550303                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     24.610774                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |    88300707     99.91%     99.91% |       38581      0.04%     99.95% |       41805      0.05%    100.00% |        1175      0.00%    100.00% |         496      0.00%    100.00% |         191      0.00%    100.00% |          48      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total      88383020                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     85152101                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.164790                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.322210                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.207984                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |    75233670     88.35%     88.35% |           0      0.00%     88.35% |           0      0.00%     88.35% |           0      0.00%     88.35% |           0      0.00%     88.35% |     9918431     11.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     85152101                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3230919                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   110.509493                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   102.801004                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    70.627187                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     3148606     97.45%     97.45% |       38581      1.19%     98.65% |       41805      1.29%     99.94% |        1175      0.04%     99.98% |         496      0.02%     99.99% |         191      0.01%    100.00% |          48      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      3230919                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     54717627                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       8.400587                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.704764                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     30.340664                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    54663936     99.90%     99.90% |       24506      0.04%     99.95% |       28171      0.05%    100.00% |         751      0.00%    100.00% |         213      0.00%    100.00% |          41      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      54717627                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     52054004                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.315224                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.370776                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.379708                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |    45207738     86.85%     86.85% |           0      0.00%     86.85% |           0      0.00%     86.85% |           0      0.00%     86.85% |           0      0.00%     86.85% |     6846266     13.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     52054004                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2663623                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   127.324146                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   120.865827                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    61.812977                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     2609932     97.98%     97.98% |       24506      0.92%     98.90% |       28171      1.06%     99.96% |         751      0.03%     99.99% |         213      0.01%    100.00% |          41      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      2663623                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   1056055506                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.001282                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000203                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.280913                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  1056054784    100.00%    100.00% |         655      0.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   1056055506                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   1056048660                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.000729                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000175                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.085398                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |  1055971639     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |       77021      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   1056048660                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         6846                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    86.297984                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    70.852789                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    61.423748                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        6124     89.45%     89.45% |         655      9.57%     99.02% |          18      0.26%     99.28% |          12      0.18%     99.46% |          24      0.35%     99.81% |          12      0.18%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         6846                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples     25588763                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.105611                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.024196                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.348882                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |    25588610    100.00%    100.00% |         129      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total     25588763                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     25585192                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.097438                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.023640                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.982288                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |    25335894     99.03%     99.03% |           0      0.00%     99.03% |           0      0.00%     99.03% |           0      0.00%     99.03% |           0      0.00%     99.03% |      249298      0.97%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     25585192                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         3571                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    59.659199                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    50.116668                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    51.927687                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        3418     95.72%     95.72% |         129      3.61%     99.33% |           7      0.20%     99.52% |           5      0.14%     99.66% |           8      0.22%     99.89% |           3      0.08%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           1      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         3571                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       239837                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.336870                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.206374                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     6.976263                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      239592     99.90%     99.90% |         180      0.08%     99.97% |          58      0.02%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       239837                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       234136                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.434320                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.109762                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.038280                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |      223967     95.66%     95.66% |           0      0.00%     95.66% |           0      0.00%     95.66% |           0      0.00%     95.66% |           0      0.00%     95.66% |       10169      4.34%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       234136                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         5701                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    39.403964                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    37.181723                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    21.667085                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        5456     95.70%     95.70% |         180      3.16%     98.86% |          58      1.02%     99.88% |           3      0.05%     99.93% |           2      0.04%     99.96% |           1      0.02%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           1      0.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         5701                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       239837                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      239837    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       239837                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       239837                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      239837    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       239837                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples   1202212683                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1202212683    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total   1202212683                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        58411                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    34.104450                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    34.060147                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.811252                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       58308     99.82%     99.82% |          59      0.10%     99.92% |          41      0.07%     99.99% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        58411                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::samples        58405                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::mean     1.010616                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::gmean     1.002549                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::stdev     0.325645                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request |       58343     99.89%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |          62      0.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::total        58405                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::samples        58405                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::mean     8.007619                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::gmean     8.006127                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::stdev     0.207622                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       58398     99.99%     99.99% |           6      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::total        58405                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::samples        58405                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::mean    24.004743                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::gmean    24.004476                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::stdev     0.118179                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       58379     99.96%     99.96% |          26      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::total        58405                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::samples        58405                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::mean     1.079925                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::stdev     1.734219                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion |       26981     46.20%     46.20% |       23278     39.86%     86.05% |        2249      3.85%     89.90% |          17      0.03%     89.93% |          16      0.03%     89.96% |           2      0.00%     89.96% |        5862     10.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::total        58405                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     17101247                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.999964                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.999904                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.019041                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr |          62      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    17101185    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     17101247                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5852249                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   118.796578                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   111.680027                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    67.144210                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     5716150     97.67%     97.67% |       63132      1.08%     98.75% |       70024      1.20%     99.95% |        1928      0.03%     99.98% |         709      0.01%     99.99% |         232      0.00%    100.00% |          54      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      5852249                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::samples      5852249                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::mean     1.003050                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::gmean     1.000540                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::stdev     0.220991                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request |     5851134     99.98%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           1      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |        1110      0.02%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::total      5852249                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::samples      5852249                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::mean     8.007375                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::gmean     8.004033                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::stdev     0.395795                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5848168     99.93%     99.93% |        2967      0.05%     99.98% |         168      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |         946      0.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::total      5852249                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::samples      5852249                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::mean    24.000014                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::gmean    24.000013                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::stdev     0.007015                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5852238    100.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::total      5852249                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::samples      5852249                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::mean    85.786139                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::gmean    77.334025                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::stdev    67.148813                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion |     5724437     97.82%     97.82% |       67512      1.15%     98.97% |       57795      0.99%     99.96% |        1633      0.03%     99.99% |         618      0.01%    100.00% |         204      0.00%    100.00% |          36      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::total      5852249                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     75233667                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    75233667    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     75233667                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        42355                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    33.461055                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    33.456434                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.568999                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       42350     99.99%     99.99% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        42355                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      9918434                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.999997                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.999992                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.005500                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           3      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     9918431    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      9918434                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3188564                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   111.532959                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   104.345387                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    70.530501                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     3106251     97.42%     97.42% |       38581      1.21%     98.63% |       41805      1.31%     99.94% |        1175      0.04%     99.98% |         496      0.02%     99.99% |         191      0.01%    100.00% |          48      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      3188564                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     45207683                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    45207683    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     45207683                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         5487                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    36.649171                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    36.540082                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.848580                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        5409     98.58%     98.58% |          42      0.77%     99.34% |          36      0.66%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         5487                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      6846321                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.999920                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.999788                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.028343                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |          55      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     6846266    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      6846321                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2658136                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   127.511320                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   121.164659                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    61.739027                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     2604445     97.98%     97.98% |       24506      0.92%     98.90% |       28171      1.06%     99.96% |         751      0.03%     99.99% |         213      0.01%    100.00% |          41      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      2658136                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples   1055971639                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1055971639    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total   1055971639                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         2687                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    33.550428                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    33.544809                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.621924                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2665     99.18%     99.18% |          22      0.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         2687                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        77021                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       77021    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        77021                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         4159                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   120.376533                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   114.856587                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    57.018698                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        3437     82.64%     82.64% |         655     15.75%     98.39% |          18      0.43%     98.82% |          12      0.29%     99.11% |          24      0.58%     99.69% |          12      0.29%     99.98% |           1      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         4159                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     25335894                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    25335894    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     25335894                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         2436                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    37.623563                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    37.570527                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.975186                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2427     99.63%     99.63% |           8      0.33%     99.96% |           1      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         2436                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       249298                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      249298    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       249298                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1135                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   106.953304                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    93.015146                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    72.102541                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |         982     86.52%     86.52% |         129     11.37%     97.89% |           7      0.62%     98.50% |           5      0.44%     98.94% |           8      0.70%     99.65% |           3      0.26%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |           1      0.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         1135                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       223967                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      223967    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       223967                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         5446                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    35.243665                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    35.164969                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.413980                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        5435     99.80%     99.80% |           8      0.15%     99.94% |           2      0.04%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           1      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         5446                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        10169                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       10169    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        10169                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          255                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   128.254902                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   122.342430                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    45.973821                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |          11      4.31%      4.31% |         179     70.20%     74.51% |          58     22.75%     97.25% |           3      1.18%     98.43% |           2      0.78%     99.22% |           1      0.39%     99.61% |           0      0.00%     99.61% |           0      0.00%     99.61% |           0      0.00%     99.61% |           1      0.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          255                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       239833                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      239833    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       239833                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples            4                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total            4                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |     1336718     50.00%     50.00% |     1336966     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total      2673684                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS    |     1621834     50.09%     50.09% |     1616269     49.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS::total      3238103                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUT     |     2908210     49.99%     49.99% |     2909281     50.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUT::total      5817491                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockS |       15790     54.80%     54.80% |       13023     45.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockS::total        28813                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockM |     2942181     50.02%     50.02% |     2939666     49.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockM::total      5881847                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Clean |        2170     49.48%     49.48% |        2216     50.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Clean::total         4386                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Dirty |         151     57.85%     57.85% |         110     42.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Dirty::total          261                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean |     1576330     50.01%     50.01% |     1575954     49.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean::total      3152284                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty |     1329559     49.97%     49.97% |     1331001     50.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty::total      2660560                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |     2925621     49.99%     49.99% |     2926628     50.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      5852249                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |     1329710     49.97%     49.97% |     1331111     50.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      2660821                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_Unblocks |           5     83.33%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_Unblocks::total            6                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETX |        4804     59.31%     59.31% |        3296     40.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETX::total         8100                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETS |        6375     56.41%     56.41% |        4927     43.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETS::total        11302                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.PUT  |        2321     49.95%     49.95% |        2326     50.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.PUT::total         4647                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETX |        2656     50.41%     50.41% |        2613     49.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETX::total         5269                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETS |       18510     54.87%     54.87% |       15224     45.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETS::total        33734                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.PUT  |     2905889     49.99%     49.99% |     2906955     50.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.PUT::total      5812844                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETX  |         153     57.52%     57.52% |         113     42.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETX::total          266                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETS  |        3482     47.64%     47.64% |        3827     52.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETS::total         7309                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETX  |     1328703     49.97%     49.97% |     1330557     50.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETX::total      2659260                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETS  |     1593283     50.02%     50.02% |     1592131     49.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETS::total      3185414                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETX |          10     83.33%     83.33% |           2     16.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETX::total           12                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETS |           5     83.33%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETS::total            6                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockS |       12293     57.21%     57.21% |        9194     42.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockS::total        21487                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockM |     2942176     50.02%     50.02% |     2939664     49.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockM::total      5881840                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockS |          10     90.91%     90.91% |           1      9.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockS::total           11                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockM |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockM::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.UnblockM |           5     83.33%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.UnblockM::total            6                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.UnblockS |           5     83.33%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.UnblockS::total            6                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.All_Unblocks |           5     83.33%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.All_Unblocks::total            6                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B.UnblockS |        3482     47.64%     47.64% |        3827     52.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B.UnblockS::total         7309                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.Memory_Data |     2922139     49.99%     49.99% |     2922801     50.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.Memory_Data::total      5844940                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B_W.Memory_Data |        3482     47.64%     47.64% |        3827     52.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B_W.Memory_Data::total         7309                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETX |         392     50.52%     50.52% |         384     49.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETX::total          776                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETS |         179     52.96%     52.96% |         159     47.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETS::total          338                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Clean |        2170     49.48%     49.48% |        2216     50.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Clean::total         4386                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Dirty |         151     57.85%     57.85% |         110     42.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Dirty::total          261                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean |     1576330     50.01%     50.01% |     1575954     49.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean::total      3152284                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty |     1329559     49.97%     49.97% |     1331001     50.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty::total      2660560                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_O_W.Memory_Ack |         151     57.85%     57.85% |         110     42.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_O_W.Memory_Ack::total          261                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_E_W.Memory_Ack |     1329559     49.97%     49.97% |     1331001     50.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_E_W.Memory_Ack::total      2660560                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |      381289      0.43%      0.43% |     1002617      1.13%      1.57% |      357850      0.40%      1.97% |    86641602     98.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     88383358                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     1737197      0.16%      0.16% |     4905568      0.46%      0.63% |     1607080      0.15%      0.78% |  1047805661     99.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total   1056055506                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |      292004      0.36%      0.36% |      692814      0.86%      1.22% |      262820      0.33%      1.54% |    79539202     98.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     80786840                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2749      0.05%      0.05% |           0      0.00%      0.05% |     5821392     99.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total      5824141                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_to_L2  |       25962      0.11%      0.11% |       82399      0.36%      0.47% |       19603      0.09%      0.56% |    22859569     99.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_to_L2::total     22987533                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |        2283      0.01%      0.01% |       36468      0.21%      0.23% |        2558      0.02%      0.24% |    16982918     99.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total     17024227                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |       20290     26.34%     26.34% |       20938     27.18%     53.53% |       13096     17.00%     70.53% |       22697     29.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total        77021                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Complete_L2_to_L1 |       22573      0.13%      0.13% |       57406      0.34%      0.47% |       15654      0.09%      0.56% |    17005615     99.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Complete_L2_to_L1::total     17101248                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETX |     2668913     33.28%     33.28% |     2666034     33.25%     66.53% |     2670731     33.31%     99.84% |       13007      0.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETX::total      8018685                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETS |     3230171     33.26%     33.26% |     3212766     33.08%     66.33% |     3228708     33.24%     99.57% |       41632      0.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETS::total      9713277                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Merged_GETS |           2     33.33%     33.33% |           1     16.67%     50.00% |           3     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Merged_GETS::total            6                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |       18970      0.11%      0.11% |       66803      0.38%      0.49% |       20696      0.12%      0.60% |    17539248     99.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total     17645717                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Ack |        5116     18.37%     18.37% |        1552      5.57%     23.94% |        3205     11.51%     35.44% |       17984     64.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Ack::total        27857                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |        3817     24.38%     24.38% |        2288     14.61%     38.99% |        1782     11.38%     50.37% |        7771     49.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total        15658                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Data |        5418     25.20%     25.20% |        5475     25.46%     50.66% |        5541     25.77%     76.42% |        5070     23.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Data::total        21504                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data |        2332      0.04%      0.04% |       24089      0.41%      0.45% |        3889      0.07%      0.52% |     5843171     99.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total      5873481                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2114      0.04%      0.04% |           0      0.00%      0.04% |     5815377     99.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total      5817491                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks  |        5608     19.74%     19.74% |        5694     20.04%     39.78% |        5817     20.47%     60.25% |       11294     39.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks::total        28413                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks_no_sharers |        5962      0.10%      0.10% |       26163      0.44%      0.55% |        5399      0.09%      0.64% |     5844723     99.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks_no_sharers::total      5882247                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        7306      0.23%      0.23% |       23623      0.73%      0.96% |        8733      0.27%      1.23% |     3191257     98.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total      3230919                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |         282      4.12%      4.12% |        1373     20.06%     24.17% |         319      4.66%     28.83% |        4872     71.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         6846                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |        1896      0.07%      0.07% |        5873      0.22%      0.29% |        1370      0.05%      0.34% |     2658801     99.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total      2667940                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETX |     2664307     33.33%     33.33% |     2658631     33.26%     66.58% |     2663842     33.32%     99.90% |        7775      0.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETX::total      7994555                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETS |     3216657     33.37%     33.37% |     3189686     33.09%     66.45% |     3213671     33.34%     99.79% |       20370      0.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETS::total      9640384                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       67013      0.35%      0.35% |      110222      0.57%      0.92% |       60657      0.32%      1.24% |    18940922     98.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total     19178814                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     1532911      4.67%      4.67% |     4461706     13.60%     18.28% |     1079082      3.29%     21.57% |    25723221     78.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     32796920                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        2082     42.68%     42.68% |         959     19.66%     62.34% |         788     16.15%     78.50% |        1049     21.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total         4878                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         635      9.55%      9.55% |           0      0.00%      9.55% |        6015     90.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement::total         6650                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_to_L2 |       20179     11.24%     11.24% |       23415     13.04%     24.28% |        9289      5.17%     29.45% |      126663     70.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_to_L2::total       179546                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |        1325      1.19%      1.19% |        3641      3.26%      4.45% |         931      0.83%      5.28% |      105795     94.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total       111692                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |       17058     33.06%     33.06% |       16636     32.24%     65.30% |        6597     12.79%     78.09% |       11305     21.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total        51596                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETX |        2694     25.00%     25.00% |        3426     31.79%     56.78% |        4587     42.56%     99.34% |          71      0.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETX::total        10778                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETS |        7269     26.09%     26.09% |       12430     44.62%     70.71% |        7702     27.65%     98.36% |         456      1.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETS::total        27857                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load    |          33      0.02%      0.02% |        7185      3.50%      3.52% |       11230      5.47%      8.99% |      186808     91.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load::total       205256                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Ifetch  |        1262      0.01%      0.01% |      296001      1.76%      1.77% |      514056      3.05%      4.82% |    16020657     95.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Ifetch::total     16831976                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store   |           2     14.29%     14.29% |           6     42.86%     57.14% |           3     21.43%     78.57% |           3     21.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store::total           14                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         303      6.52%      6.52% |           0      0.00%      6.52% |        4344     93.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L2_Replacement::total         4647                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_to_L2 |         739      2.76%      2.76% |        4510     16.84%     19.59% |        7743     28.90%     48.50% |       13797     51.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_to_L2::total        26789                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |         341      8.40%      8.40% |         646     15.92%     24.32% |         860     21.19%     45.52% |        2211     54.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total         4058                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |         386      1.76%      1.76% |        3901     17.81%     19.58% |        6499     29.68%     49.26% |       11112     50.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total        21898                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETX |        1591     19.69%     19.69% |        2793     34.56%     54.24% |        1959     24.24%     78.48% |        1739     21.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETX::total         8082                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETS |         786      6.95%      6.95% |        4304     38.08%     45.04% |        3057     27.05%     72.08% |        3155     27.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETS::total        11302                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |       32219      0.10%      0.10% |       84179      0.26%      0.36% |       37990      0.12%      0.48% |    32344598     99.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     32498986                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch  |      182259      0.02%      0.02% |      125296      0.01%      0.03% |         437      0.00%      0.03% |  1006033240     99.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch::total   1006341232                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |         203      0.52%      0.52% |       13471     34.35%     34.87% |         286      0.73%     35.60% |       25255     64.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total        39215                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         178      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |     3152331     99.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total      3152509                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_to_L2 |        3395      0.05%      0.05% |        4970      0.08%      0.13% |         662      0.01%      0.14% |     6486431     99.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_to_L2::total      6495458                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |          58      0.00%      0.00% |        2035      0.06%      0.06% |          78      0.00%      0.07% |     3326976     99.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total      3329147                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |        2846     80.69%     80.69% |         401     11.37%     92.06% |           0      0.00%     92.06% |         280      7.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total         3527                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETX |         254     47.21%     47.21% |          41      7.62%     54.83% |         184     34.20%     89.03% |          59     10.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETX::total          538                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETS |        1610     15.79%     15.79% |        3616     35.46%     51.26% |        2553     25.04%     76.29% |        2417     23.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETS::total        10196                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Merged_GETS |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Merged_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |      272920      1.17%      1.17% |      747475      3.20%      4.37% |      237249      1.02%      5.39% |    22092777     94.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total     23350421                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |      287256      0.40%      0.40% |      664932      0.94%      1.34% |      259751      0.37%      1.71% |    69754981     98.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total     70966920                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1633      0.06%      0.06% |           0      0.00%      0.06% |     2658702     99.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L2_Replacement::total      2660335                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_to_L2 |        1649      0.01%      0.01% |       49504      0.30%      0.31% |        1909      0.01%      0.33% |    16232678     99.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_to_L2::total     16285740                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |         559      0.00%      0.00% |       30146      0.22%      0.23% |         689      0.01%      0.23% |    13547936     99.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total     13579330                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETX |          67      1.42%      1.42% |        1142     24.14%     25.55% |         159      3.36%     28.92% |        3363     71.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETX::total         4731                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETS |        3849     16.35%     16.35% |        2730     11.60%     27.95% |        1725      7.33%     35.28% |       15234     64.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETS::total        23538                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Merged_GETS |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           1     25.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Merged_GETS::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Load   |        1324      1.19%      1.19% |        3618      3.24%      4.43% |         929      0.83%      5.26% |      105762     94.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Load::total       111633                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Ifetch |       17058     33.06%     33.06% |       16636     32.24%     65.30% |        6597     12.79%     78.09% |       11305     21.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Ifetch::total        51596                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Store  |           1      1.69%      1.69% |          23     38.98%     40.68% |           2      3.39%     44.07% |          33     55.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Store::total           59                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Load   |         340      8.39%      8.39% |         646     15.93%     24.32% |         859     21.19%     45.51% |        2209     54.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Load::total         4054                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Ifetch |         386      1.76%      1.76% |        3901     17.81%     19.58% |        6499     29.68%     49.26% |       11112     50.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Ifetch::total        21898                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Store  |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1     25.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Store::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Load   |          57      0.00%      0.00% |        1408      0.04%      0.04% |          64      0.00%      0.05% |     3326883     99.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Load::total      3328412                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Ifetch |        2846     80.69%     80.69% |         401     11.37%     92.06% |           0      0.00%     92.06% |         280      7.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Ifetch::total         3527                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Store  |           1      0.14%      0.14% |         627     85.31%     85.44% |          14      1.90%     87.35% |          93     12.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Store::total          735                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Load  |          77      0.00%      0.00% |       24162      0.37%      0.37% |         137      0.00%      0.38% |     6449956     99.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Load::total      6474332                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Store |         482      0.01%      0.01% |        5984      0.08%      0.09% |         552      0.01%      0.10% |     7097980     99.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Store::total      7104998                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |        2503      0.03%      0.03% |       11441      0.14%      0.17% |        1719      0.02%      0.20% |     7972984     99.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total      7988647                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |        1544     45.25%     45.25% |         741     21.72%     66.97% |         716     20.98%     87.95% |         411     12.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total         3412                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data |         352      0.01%      0.01% |        5133      0.19%      0.21% |         654      0.02%      0.23% |     2658390     99.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data::total      2664529                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        2785     54.94%     54.94% |         775     15.29%     70.23% |         131      2.58%     72.82% |        1378     27.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total         5069                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Data   |        2083     42.19%     42.19% |         982     19.89%     62.08% |         790     16.00%     78.08% |        1082     21.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Data::total         4937                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Other_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Other_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack    |           9     17.65%     17.65% |          15     29.41%     47.06% |          12     23.53%     70.59% |          15     29.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack::total           51                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks_no_sharers |           3     17.65%     17.65% |           5     29.41%     47.06% |           4     23.53%     70.59% |           5     29.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks_no_sharers::total           17                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.Ack   |        2956     33.10%     33.10% |        2105     23.57%     56.67% |        2761     30.91%     87.58% |        1109     12.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.Ack::total         8931                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.All_acks_no_sharers |        3627     43.44%     43.44% |        1723     20.64%     64.08% |        1506     18.04%     82.12% |        1493     17.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.All_acks_no_sharers::total         8349                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     22.22%     22.22% |           1      5.56%     27.78% |          13     72.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Ack   |        1912     13.22%     13.22% |        6364     44.00%     57.21% |        2077     14.36%     71.57% |        4112     28.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Ack::total        14465                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.All_acks_no_sharers |        1979      0.06%      0.06% |       18956      0.59%      0.65% |        3235      0.10%      0.75% |     3184780     99.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.All_acks_no_sharers::total      3208950                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store |          79      6.08%      6.08% |         915     70.44%     76.52% |          53      4.08%     80.60% |         252     19.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store::total         1299                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Ack  |         162      6.14%      6.14% |        1042     39.51%     45.66% |         194      7.36%     53.01% |        1239     46.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Ack::total         2637                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.All_acks_no_sharers |         353      0.01%      0.01% |        5133      0.19%      0.21% |         654      0.02%      0.23% |     2658391     99.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.All_acks_no_sharers::total      2664531                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ack    |        4435      0.05%      0.05% |       40690      0.42%      0.47% |       10531      0.11%      0.58% |     9556927     99.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ack::total      9612583                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Ack |        3158     13.98%     13.98% |        1130      5.00%     18.98% |        2102      9.30%     28.28% |       16202     71.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Ack::total        22592                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |         190      2.60%      2.60% |         565      7.73%     10.33% |         276      3.78%     14.11% |        6278     85.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total         7309                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Data |        5418     25.20%     25.20% |        5475     25.46%     50.66% |        5541     25.77%     76.42% |        5070     23.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Data::total        21504                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data |        1980      0.06%      0.06% |       18956      0.59%      0.65% |        3235      0.10%      0.75% |     3184781     99.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data::total      3208952                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          93     53.14%     53.14% |           1      0.57%     53.71% |          81     46.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load::total          175                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ifetch |         193     12.77%     12.77% |         254     16.81%     29.58% |          90      5.96%     35.54% |         974     64.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ifetch::total         1511                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ack    |        4208     31.56%     31.56% |        4371     32.78%     64.34% |        3271     24.53%     88.87% |        1484     11.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ack::total        13334                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Shared_Ack |        1958     37.19%     37.19% |         422      8.02%     45.20% |        1103     20.95%     66.15% |        1782     33.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Shared_Ack::total         5265                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks |        5608     19.74%     19.74% |        5694     20.04%     39.78% |        5817     20.47%     60.25% |       11294     39.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks::total        28413                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks_no_sharers |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         346     86.50%     86.50% |           0      0.00%     86.50% |          54     13.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks_no_sharers::total          400                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Load   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Load::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         303      6.52%      6.52% |           0      0.00%      6.52% |        4344     93.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack::total         4647                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      0.60%      0.60% |           0      0.00%      0.60% |         331     99.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load::total          333                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          24      3.09%      3.09% |           0      0.00%      3.09% |         752     96.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store::total          776                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1811      0.03%      0.03% |           0      0.00%      0.03% |     5811033     99.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack::total      5812844                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ST.Complete_L2_to_L1 |       18383     11.26%     11.26% |       20277     12.42%     23.68% |        7528      4.61%     28.29% |      117100     71.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ST.Complete_L2_to_L1::total       163288                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |         727      2.80%      2.80% |        4547     17.52%     20.32% |        7359     28.35%     48.67% |       13323     51.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total        25956                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |        2904      0.09%      0.09% |        2436      0.07%      0.16% |          78      0.00%      0.16% |     3327256     99.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total      3332674                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |         559      0.00%      0.00% |       30146      0.22%      0.23% |         689      0.01%      0.23% |    13547936     99.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total     13579330                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.677990                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1677989697000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               53906429199501                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 121465                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   181742                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              275063336                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2052744                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  6100.38                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   740981679                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1108693674                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    188380480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total         188380480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     85443264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       85443264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0      2943445                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total            2943445                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1335051                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total           1335051                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    112265576                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            112265576                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     50920017                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            50920017                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    163185593                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           163185593                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                    2943445                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                   1335051                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                  2943445                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                 1335051                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM             188288000                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  92480                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               85423360                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys              188380480                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            85443264                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                  1445                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                  293                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0           185666                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1           184630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2           183796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3           183846                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4           183567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5           182842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6           183062                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7           182892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8           183692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9           183000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10          182833                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11          183394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12          183879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13          183798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14          184753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15          186350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            84844                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            84384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            83112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            82989                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            83041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            82753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            82512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            82682                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            83298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            82976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           82812                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           82986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           83650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           83424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           84313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           84964                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 1677989953000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6              2943445                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6             1335051                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                2941214                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                    785                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                 53592                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                 57106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                 71881                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                 76788                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                 77352                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                 77299                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                 77207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                 77189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                 77050                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                 77087                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                 77151                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                 76877                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                 76704                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                 76555                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                 76593                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                 76088                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                 75983                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                 76028                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                   166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                    11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples      1913117                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   143.070760                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    90.034810                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   215.797672                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127      1516513     79.27%     79.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255       155364      8.12%     87.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        59346      3.10%     90.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        37962      1.98%     92.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639        26440      1.38%     93.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767        23444      1.23%     95.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895        12235      0.64%     95.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        22007      1.15%     96.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        59806      3.13%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total      1913117                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        75973                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     38.825004                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  1186.724145                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-8191        75964     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8192-16383            3      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::24576-32767            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::57344-65535            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::73728-81919            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::139264-147455            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::155648-163839            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::221184-229375            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        75973                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        75973                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.568610                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.539018                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.011918                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16           19261     25.35%     25.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17            2251      2.96%     28.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18           48212     63.46%     91.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19            4909      6.46%     98.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20            1042      1.37%     99.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21             217      0.29%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22              60      0.08%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::23              15      0.02%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::24               4      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::26               2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        75973                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 33700583997                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            88863083997                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat               14710000000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    11454.99                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               30204.99                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      112.21                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       50.91                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   112.27                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    50.92                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        1.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.88                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.40                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     24.65                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                 1862738                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 500880                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                63.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               37.53                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    392191.54                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   55.27                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy              7239047760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy              3949877250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy            11490726000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy            4317695280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        109813869360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        498427479180                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        571558718250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          1206797413080                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           717.779356                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 945891449250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  56031820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 676064287750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy              7242706800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy              3951873750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy            11516544000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy            4331303280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        109813869360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        500591470500                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        569660480250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          1207108247940                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           717.964234                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 943330179750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  56031820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 678629564000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    188441216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total         188441216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     85528320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       85528320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1      2944394                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            2944394                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1336380                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total           1336380                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    112301772                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            112301772                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     50970706                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            50970706                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    163272478                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           163272478                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                    2944394                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                   1336380                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                  2944394                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                 1336380                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM             188355648                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  85568                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               85513152                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys              188441216                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            85528320                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                  1337                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                  220                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0           185842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1           184853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2           183806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3           183672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4           183435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5           182935                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6           182947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7           182948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8           183837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9           183047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10          182921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11          183644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12          184183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13          183815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14          184838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15          186334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            84820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            84451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            83165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            83133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            82964                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            82880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            82634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            82755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            83393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            83053                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           82967                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           83131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           83873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           83490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           84454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           84980                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 1677989230000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6              2944394                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6             1336380                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                2942407                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                    646                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                 53365                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                 56951                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 71934                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 77008                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 77377                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 77417                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 77373                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 77277                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 77173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 77166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 77190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 76973                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 76942                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 76669                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 76635                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 76196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 76091                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 76137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                   191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                    39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                    11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples      1915732                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   142.957750                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    89.977047                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   215.798556                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127      1519262     79.30%     79.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255       155321      8.11%     87.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        59399      3.10%     90.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        37722      1.97%     92.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639        26624      1.39%     93.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767        23200      1.21%     95.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895        12034      0.63%     95.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        21908      1.14%     96.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        60262      3.15%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total      1915732                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        76077                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     38.786151                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  1317.850740                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-8191        76070     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8192-16383            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16384-24575            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::40960-49151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::196608-204799            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::204800-212991            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::212992-221183            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        76077                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        76077                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.563035                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.532910                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.023188                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16           19505     25.64%     25.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17            2339      3.07%     28.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18           48004     63.10%     91.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19            4897      6.44%     98.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20             975      1.28%     99.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21             262      0.34%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22              54      0.07%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::23              24      0.03%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::24               6      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::25               2      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::26               2      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::27               5      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::29               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::33               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        76077                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 33719591496                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            88901910246                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat               14715285000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    11457.34                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               30207.34                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      112.25                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       50.96                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   112.30                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    50.97                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        1.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.88                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.40                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     24.44                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                 1862099                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 501366                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                63.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               37.52                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    391982.67                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   55.23                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy              7244740440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy              3952983375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy            11491654200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy            4320857520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        109813869360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        498378379950                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        571601787750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          1206804272595                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           717.783436                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 946008806750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  56031820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 675947084500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              7256836440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy              3959583375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy            11524063200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy            4337232480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        109813869360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        501062259150                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        569247507750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          1207201351755                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           718.019611                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 942662566750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  56031820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 679296749750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      3357008475                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    3395762                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                      6766866                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              6650025                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                 21533                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     168322                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       478359                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     6650025                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                        21533                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           13588467                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           5339147                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads               34273                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes              16707                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             3584331                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes            1985050                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      1667620                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     981843                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    685777                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              3341515438.657630                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              15493036.342370                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.004615                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.995385                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           713644                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                68658      1.01%      1.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  4990014     73.74%     74.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    7362      0.11%     74.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    17388      0.26%     75.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                  15934      0.24%     75.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                     32      0.00%     75.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  981843     14.51%     89.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 685777     10.13%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                   6767008                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      3355979404                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   14654383                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     26389151                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             26111714                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                  5627                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     541269                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      1905859                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    26111714                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                         5627                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           52196505                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          21548875                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                9148                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes               4399                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads            15330149                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           10629103                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      5635821                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    3538131                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   2097690                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              3300894294.837893                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              55085109.162107                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.016414                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.983586                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          2596211                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                83547      0.32%      0.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 20605265     78.08%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   42031      0.16%     78.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                    18630      0.07%     78.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                   4154      0.02%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                     16      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 3538131     13.41%     92.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                2097690      7.95%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  26389464                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      3358666670                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    1748525                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      3641185                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              3559249                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                  7491                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                      97814                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       256539                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     3559249                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                         7491                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads            7280718                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           2915289                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads               12375                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes               6003                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             1975742                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            1070195                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                       887563                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     545355                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    342208                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              3350802625.962455                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              7864044.037545                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.002341                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.997659                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           389317                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                57854      1.59%      1.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  2666180     73.22%     74.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    5866      0.16%     74.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    18125      0.50%     75.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                   5742      0.16%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  545355     14.98%     90.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 342208      9.40%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   3641330                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      3357676980                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                  719837403                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                   1069421696                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses            468877617                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses             708853926                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     987848                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts     11243267                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                   468877617                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                    708853926                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads          981696190                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes         347753038                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads          1593862418                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes          654324516                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads           114358133                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes          203428037                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                    130436395                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                   76066944                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                  54369451                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              57372360.519443                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              3300304619.480556                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.982913                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.017087                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                         12586816                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass               333463      0.03%      0.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                435243156     40.70%     40.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   90559      0.01%     40.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                     6091      0.00%     40.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd              503328816     47.06%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                     48      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                76066944      7.11%     94.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite               54369451      5.08%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                1069438528                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 3222                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                3222                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                3547                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               3547                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               269                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              269                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          118                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          120                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          120                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          120                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          470                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          904                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1034                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2442                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          946                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         5278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1006                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         7240                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          476                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          464                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          992                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1938                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           80                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          466                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          380                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1030                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1978                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   14076                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          236                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          956                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          940                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          452                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2068                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3510                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1892                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         2639                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2012                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         6563                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3180                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           46                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          932                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          190                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2060                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    17481                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                81000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy              1943981                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             4396000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             1377993                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             1355992                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             1342498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             1384784                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              351498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1947500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             6061500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             1510000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             1517500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages            2                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes         8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs            2                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   2478313731                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000679                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2478312587    100.00%    100.00% |        1144      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   2478313731                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     2478313731                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.698769                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.057420                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         9.382050                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  2478040968     99.99%     99.99% |      126490      0.01%     99.99% |      140383      0.01%    100.00% |        3860      0.00%    100.00% |        1418      0.00%    100.00% |         464      0.00%    100.00% |         108      0.00%    100.00% |          32      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       2478313731                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   2466420693                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean      1.139441                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.034002                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.172588                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |  2432028796     98.61%     98.61% |           0      0.00%     98.61% |           0      0.00%     98.61% |           0      0.00%     98.61% |           0      0.00%     98.61% |    34391897      1.39%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   2466420693                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     11893038                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   117.694316                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   109.979151                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    67.361176                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |    11620275     97.71%     97.71% |      126490      1.06%     98.77% |      140383      1.18%     99.95% |        3860      0.03%     99.98% |        1418      0.01%     99.99% |         464      0.00%    100.00% |         108      0.00%    100.00% |          32      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     11893038                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.incomplete_times_seqr          350                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1630328                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        42989                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1673317                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits      4533499                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses        36332                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4569831                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        47135                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        32186                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        79321                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits      5453540                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses       186472                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      5640012                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits     19158767                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses        37134                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses     19195901                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits       170498                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        53108                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses       223606                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles           327                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits       865300                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses        24286                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       889586                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits      2292760                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        19223                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses      2311983                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        23990                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        19519                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        43509                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits    144455978                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses     22871263                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    167327241                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits   1051425879                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        55391                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses   1051481270                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits     17049089                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses      5877565                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses     22926654                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles          2413                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers0.percent_links_utilized     0.093091                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        32186                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Request_Control::3          176                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        52462                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Control::4      6009515                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           25                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           25                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5            9                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      5950033                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        32186                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       257488                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         1408                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      3777264                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     48076120                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5         1152                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          200                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          200                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     47600264                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       257488                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.percent_links_utilized     0.095770                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        53108                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Request_Control::3           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        76923                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Control::4      6025345                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         8868                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2        10689                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3        10689                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5         1821                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      5929210                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        53108                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       424864                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          192                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5538456                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     48202760                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5       638496                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        85512                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        85512                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5        14568                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     47433680                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       424864                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.percent_links_utilized     0.091656                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Request_Control::2        19519                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Request_Control::3           78                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Data::4        34514                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Control::4      5991302                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      5962721                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        19519                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       156152                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          624                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2485008                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     47930416                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     47701768                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       156152                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.percent_links_utilized     0.905196                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Request_Control::2      5877565                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Request_Control::3           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Data::4      5912442                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Control::4     17678746                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5      2662418                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      5820927                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      5820927                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5      3158509                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       104658                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      5877565                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     47020520                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    425695824                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4    141429968                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5    191694096                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     46567416                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     46567416                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5     25268072                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       837264                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     47020520                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.percent_links_utilized     0.408966                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Request_Control::2      2993950                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Request_Control::3          173                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::4      2943447                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Control::4          262                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5      1334985                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           66                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      2915328                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      2915328                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5      1580343                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      2993841                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      2993950                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     23951600                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         1384                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    211928184                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4         2096                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     96118920                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     23322624                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     23322624                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5     12642744                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     23950728                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     23951600                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.percent_links_utilized     0.409007                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Request_Control::2      2988428                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Request_Control::3          169                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::4      2944394                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Control::4          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5      1336316                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      2916313                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      2916313                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5      1579996                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      2988323                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      2988428                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     23907424                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         1352                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    211996368                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4         2048                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     96214752                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     23330504                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     23330504                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5     12639968                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     23906584                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     23907424                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.percent_links_utilized     0.000002                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Response_Data::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          130                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         1040                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.percent_links_utilized     0.261602                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Request_Control::2      5982378                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Request_Control::3          342                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Response_Data::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Response_Data::4      5982092                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Response_Control::4     17852713                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5      2671302                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          130                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      5831641                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      5831641                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5      3160339                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3     17946622                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      5982378                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     47859024                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         2736                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    430710624                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4    142821704                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5    192333744                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         1040                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     46653128                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     46653128                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5     25282712                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3    143572976                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     47859024                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control     17948160                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     17946280                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control     53558139                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      8013905                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     44471637                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Broadcast_Control     41875408                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Unblock_Control     17947134                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control    143585280                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   1292132160                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control    428465112                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    577001160                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    355773096                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Broadcast_Control    335003264                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Unblock_Control    143577072                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.link_utilization     0.094140                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3          176                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        32077                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        79691                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           25                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      5950033                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         1408                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2309544                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       637528                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          200                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     47600264                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.link_utilization     0.092042                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        32186                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        20385                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4      5929824                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           25                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5            9                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        32186                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       257488                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1467720                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     47438592                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5         1152                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          200                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       257488                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.link_utilization     0.097395                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        53018                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4       120016                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3        10689                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      5929210                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          192                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      3817296                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       960128                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        85512                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     47433680                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.link_utilization     0.094146                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        53108                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        23905                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4      5905329                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         8868                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2        10689                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5         1821                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        53108                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       424864                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1721160                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     47242632                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5       638496                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        85512                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5        14568                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       424864                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.link_utilization     0.092100                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3           78                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        19490                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        43527                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      5962721                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          624                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1403280                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       348216                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     47701768                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.link_utilization     0.091211                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        19519                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        15024                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4      5947775                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        19519                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       156152                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1081728                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     47582200                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       156152                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.link_utilization     1.138746                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4      5877505                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4     17608961                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      5820927                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       104658                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    423180360                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4    140871688                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     46567416                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       837264                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.link_utilization     0.671645                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2      5877565                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        34937                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4        69785                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5      2662418                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      5820927                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5      3158509                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      5877565                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     47020520                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2515464                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       558280                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5    191694096                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     46567416                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5     25268072                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     47020520                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.link_utilization     0.335204                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2      2993950                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4          262                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5      1334985                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           66                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      2915328                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5      1580343                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      2993950                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     23951600                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4         2096                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     96118920                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     23322624                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5     12642744                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     23951600                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.link_utilization     0.482727                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3          173                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      2943445                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      2915328                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      2993841                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         1384                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    211928040                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     23322624                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     23950728                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.link_utilization     0.335227                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2      2988428                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5      1336316                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      2916313                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5      1579996                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      2988428                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     23907424                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4         2048                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     96214752                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     23330504                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5     12639968                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     23907424                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.link_utilization     0.482786                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3          169                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      2944394                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      2916313                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      2988323                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         1352                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    211996368                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     23330504                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     23906584                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000002                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000002                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          130                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         1040                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.link_utilization     0.094140                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3          176                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        32077                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        79691                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           25                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      5950033                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         1408                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2309544                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       637528                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          200                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     47600264                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.link_utilization     0.097395                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        53018                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4       120016                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3        10689                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      5929210                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          192                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      3817296                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       960128                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        85512                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     47433680                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.link_utilization     0.092100                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Request_Control::3           78                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::4        19490                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::4        43527                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      5962721                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          624                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1403280                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       348216                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     47701768                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.link_utilization     1.138746                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Request_Control::3           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::4      5877505                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::4     17608961                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      5820927                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       104658                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    423180360                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4    140871688                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     46567416                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       837264                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.link_utilization     0.335204                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::2      2993950                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::4            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::4          262                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5      1334985                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           66                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      2915328                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5      1580343                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      2993950                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     23951600                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4         2096                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     96118920                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     23322624                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5     12642744                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     23951600                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.link_utilization     0.335228                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::2      2988428                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::4          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5      1336317                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      2916313                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5      1579996                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      2988428                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     23907424                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4         2048                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     96214824                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     23330504                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5     12639968                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     23907424                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.link_utilization     0.000002                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle7.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    180299024                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       6.043649                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.540061                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     24.409134                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   180134103     99.91%     99.91% |       77293      0.04%     99.95% |       83771      0.05%    100.00% |        2353      0.00%    100.00% |         992      0.00%    100.00% |         382      0.00%    100.00% |          96      0.00%    100.00% |          26      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     180299024                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    173802011                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.146418                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.316398                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.185892                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |   153877031     88.54%     88.54% |           0      0.00%     88.54% |           0      0.00%     88.54% |           0      0.00%     88.54% |           0      0.00%     88.54% |    19924980     11.46%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    173802011                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      6497013                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   110.298708                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   102.481071                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    70.620832                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     6332092     97.46%     97.46% |       77293      1.19%     98.65% |       83771      1.29%     99.94% |        2353      0.04%     99.98% |         992      0.02%     99.99% |         382      0.01%    100.00% |          96      0.00%    100.00% |          26      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      6497013                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples    111883030                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       8.258507                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.687945                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     30.053713                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |   111775462     99.90%     99.90% |       49070      0.04%     99.95% |       56470      0.05%    100.00% |        1502      0.00%    100.00% |         426      0.00%    100.00% |          82      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total     111883030                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    106532302                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.289133                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.362227                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.351040                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |    92798872     87.11%     87.11% |           0      0.00%     87.11% |           0      0.00%     87.11% |           0      0.00%     87.11% |           0      0.00%     87.11% |    13733430     12.89%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    106532302                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5350728                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   127.107968                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   120.544444                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    61.871668                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     5243160     97.99%     97.99% |       49070      0.92%     98.91% |       56470      1.06%     99.96% |        1502      0.03%     99.99% |         426      0.01%    100.00% |          82      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      5350728                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   2133614491                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.001883                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000281                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.353042                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  2133612338    100.00%    100.00% |        1942      0.00%    100.00% |          53      0.00%    100.00% |          41      0.00%    100.00% |          75      0.00%    100.00% |          39      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   2133614491                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   2133591479                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.000979                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000235                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.098953                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |  2133382544     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |      208935      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   2133591479                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        23012                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    84.784200                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    69.690022                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    60.240411                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       20859     90.64%     90.64% |        1942      8.44%     99.08% |          53      0.23%     99.31% |          41      0.18%     99.49% |          75      0.33%     99.82% |          39      0.17%     99.99% |           2      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        23012                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples     51417770                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.106081                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.024195                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.361847                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |    51417455    100.00%    100.00% |         267      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total     51417770                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     51409597                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.097143                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.023567                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.980814                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |    50910187     99.03%     99.03% |           0      0.00%     99.03% |           0      0.00%     99.03% |           0      0.00%     99.03% |           0      0.00%     99.03% |      499410      0.97%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     51409597                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         8173                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    57.325707                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    48.439989                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    49.556189                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        7858     96.15%     96.15% |         267      3.27%     99.41% |          14      0.17%     99.58% |          10      0.12%     99.71% |          16      0.20%     99.90% |           6      0.07%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           2      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         8173                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       549708                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.506975                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.225495                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     8.007259                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      549517     99.97%     99.97% |         176      0.03%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       549708                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       535596                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.469421                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.119142                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.115151                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |      510454     95.31%     95.31% |           0      0.00%     95.31% |           0      0.00%     95.31% |           0      0.00%     95.31% |           0      0.00%     95.31% |       25142      4.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       535596                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        14112                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    41.885488                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    38.430300                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    27.134091                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       13921     98.65%     98.65% |         176      1.25%     99.89% |           8      0.06%     99.95% |           1      0.01%     99.96% |           5      0.04%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        14112                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       549708                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      549708    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       549708                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       549708                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      549708    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       549708                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples   2432028445                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2432028445    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total   2432028445                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       152950                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    34.112285                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    34.044052                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.862660                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      152900     99.97%     99.97% |          45      0.03%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       152950                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::samples       152600                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::mean     1.023761                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::gmean     1.005849                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::stdev     0.483313                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request |      152211     99.75%     99.75% |          33      0.02%     99.77% |           0      0.00%     99.77% |           0      0.00%     99.77% |           0      0.00%     99.77% |         356      0.23%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::total       152600                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::samples       152600                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::mean     8.036592                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::gmean     8.014432                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::stdev     1.981470                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward |      152557     99.97%     99.97% |          40      0.03%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::total       152600                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::samples       152600                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::mean    24.004849                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::gmean    24.004572                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::stdev     0.120463                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      152527     99.95%     99.95% |          73      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::total       152600                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::samples       152600                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::mean     0.997667                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::stdev     1.659403                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion |       74324     48.71%     48.71% |       58788     38.52%     87.23% |        5781      3.79%     91.02% |          72      0.05%     91.06% |          60      0.04%     91.10% |          12      0.01%     91.11% |       13563      8.89%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::total       152600                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     34392248                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.999898                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.999731                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.031946                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr |         351      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    34391897    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     34392248                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     11740088                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   118.783223                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   111.672214                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    67.114361                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |    11467327     97.68%     97.68% |      126489      1.08%     98.75% |      140382      1.20%     99.95% |        3860      0.03%     99.98% |        1418      0.01%     99.99% |         464      0.00%    100.00% |         108      0.00%    100.00% |          32      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     11740088                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::samples     11740088                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::mean     1.003098                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::gmean     1.000549                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::stdev     0.222639                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request |    11737814     99.98%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           8      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |        2258      0.02%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::total     11740088                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::samples     11740088                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::mean     8.007469                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::gmean     8.004081                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::stdev     0.398687                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    11731860     99.93%     99.93% |        5962      0.05%     99.98% |         339      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |        1927      0.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::total     11740088                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::samples     11740088                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::mean    24.000036                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::gmean    24.000034                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::stdev     0.010731                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    11740049    100.00%    100.00% |          39      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::total     11740088                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::samples     11740088                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::mean    85.772620                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::gmean    77.326382                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::stdev    67.119050                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion |    11483941     97.82%     97.82% |      135261      1.15%     98.97% |      115873      0.99%     99.96% |        3269      0.03%     99.99% |        1236      0.01%    100.00% |         408      0.00%    100.00% |          72      0.00%    100.00% |          28      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::total     11740088                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples    153877016                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   153877016    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total    153877016                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       104126                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    33.554060                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    33.513014                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.757230                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      104079     99.95%     99.95% |          42      0.04%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       104126                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     19924995                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.999992                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.999980                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.008677                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |          15      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    19924980    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     19924995                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      6392887                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   111.548709                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   104.363886                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    70.504730                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     6227968     97.42%     97.42% |       77292      1.21%     98.63% |       83770      1.31%     99.94% |        2353      0.04%     99.98% |         992      0.02%     99.99% |         382      0.01%    100.00% |          96      0.00%    100.00% |          26      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      6392887                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     92798576                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    92798576    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     92798576                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        20751                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    35.730230                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    35.611137                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.012999                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       20341     98.02%     98.02% |         177      0.85%     98.88% |         232      1.12%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        20751                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     13733726                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.999784                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.999432                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.046424                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |         296      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    13733430    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     13733726                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5329977                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   127.463725                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   121.118064                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    61.727926                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     5222409     97.98%     97.98% |       49070      0.92%     98.90% |       56470      1.06%     99.96% |        1502      0.03%     99.99% |         426      0.01%    100.00% |          82      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      5329977                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples   2133382544                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2133382544    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total   2133382544                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         9228                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    33.477460                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    33.472256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.597157                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        9163     99.30%     99.30% |          65      0.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         9228                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       208935                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      208935    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       208935                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        13784                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   119.132618                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   113.864346                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    55.820814                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       11631     84.38%     84.38% |        1942     14.09%     98.47% |          53      0.38%     98.85% |          41      0.30%     99.15% |          75      0.54%     99.70% |          39      0.28%     99.98% |           2      0.01%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        13784                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     50910187                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    50910187    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     50910187                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         5831                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    37.231693                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    37.160663                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.276887                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        5808     99.61%     99.61% |          20      0.34%     99.95% |           3      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         5831                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       499410                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      499410    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       499410                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         2342                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   107.354825                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    93.718598                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    71.064711                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        2027     86.55%     86.55% |         267     11.40%     97.95% |          14      0.60%     98.55% |          10      0.43%     98.98% |          16      0.68%     99.66% |           6      0.26%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |           2      0.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         2342                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       510454                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      510454    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       510454                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        13014                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    35.051329                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    34.968559                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.498131                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       12931     99.36%     99.36% |          50      0.38%     99.75% |          30      0.23%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           3      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        13014                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        25142                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       25142    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        25142                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1098                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   122.887067                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   117.646105                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    47.700562                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |         907     82.60%     82.60% |         176     16.03%     98.63% |           8      0.73%     99.36% |           1      0.09%     99.45% |           5      0.46%     99.91% |           1      0.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         1098                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       549668                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      549668    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       549668                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples           40                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          40    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total           40                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |     1350499     50.00%     50.00% |     1350512     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total      2701011                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS    |     1644137     50.09%     50.09% |     1638531     49.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS::total      3282668                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUT     |     2915328     49.99%     49.99% |     2916313     50.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUT::total      5831641                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockS |       23494     53.26%     53.26% |       20622     46.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockS::total        44116                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockM |     2970456     50.02%     50.02% |     2967806     49.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockM::total      5938262                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Clean |        2554     49.80%     49.80% |        2574     50.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Clean::total         5128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Dirty |         154     57.89%     57.89% |         112     42.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Dirty::total          266                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean |     1577789     50.01%     50.01% |     1577422     49.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean::total      3155211                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty |     1334831     49.97%     49.97% |     1336204     50.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty::total      2671035                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |          64     50.00%     50.00% |          64     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |     2943445     49.99%     49.99% |     2944394     50.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      5887839                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |     1335050     49.98%     49.98% |     1336380     50.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      2671430                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Ack     |         262     50.58%     50.58% |         256     49.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Ack::total          518                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Data |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |          66     50.77%     50.77% |          64     49.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total          130                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_Unblocks |         173     50.58%     50.58% |         169     49.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_Unblocks::total          342                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETX |        6391     57.02%     57.02% |        4817     42.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETX::total        11208                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETS |        8345     54.83%     54.83% |        6874     45.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETS::total        15219                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.PUT  |        2708     50.20%     50.20% |        2686     49.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.PUT::total         5394                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETX |        7567     50.38%     50.38% |        7452     49.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETX::total        15019                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETS |       28027     53.13%     53.13% |       24722     46.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETS::total        52749                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.PUT  |     2912620     49.99%     49.99% |     2913627     50.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.PUT::total      5826247                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.DMA_READ |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.DMA_READ::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETX  |         174     56.86%     56.86% |         132     43.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETX::total          306                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETS  |        5466     48.48%     48.48% |        5808     51.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETS::total        11274                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETX  |     1335895     49.97%     49.97% |     1337690     50.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETX::total      2673585                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETS  |     1601910     50.02%     50.02% |     1600764     49.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETS::total      3202674                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_WRITE |          64     50.00%     50.00% |          64     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_WRITE::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETX |          71     70.30%     70.30% |          30     29.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETX::total          101                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETS |         173     50.58%     50.58% |         169     49.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETS::total          342                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockS |       17784     54.87%     54.87% |       14626     45.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockS::total        32410                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockM |     2970281     50.02%     50.02% |     2967626     49.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockM::total      5937907                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockS |          69     78.41%     78.41% |          19     21.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockS::total           88                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockM |           2     15.38%     15.38% |          11     84.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockM::total           13                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.GETS |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.UnblockM |         173     50.58%     50.58% |         169     49.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.UnblockM::total          342                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.GETX |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.UnblockS |         175     50.87%     50.87% |         169     49.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.UnblockS::total          344                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.All_Unblocks |         173     50.58%     50.58% |         169     49.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.All_Unblocks::total          342                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B.UnblockS |        5466     48.48%     48.48% |        5808     51.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B.UnblockS::total        11274                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.GETS |          21     45.65%     45.65% |          25     54.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.GETS::total           46                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.Memory_Data |     2937979     49.99%     49.99% |     2938586     50.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.Memory_Data::total      5876565                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B_W.Memory_Data |        5466     48.48%     48.48% |        5808     51.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B_W.Memory_Data::total        11274                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Ack |         256     50.00%     50.00% |         256     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Ack::total          512                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |          64     50.00%     50.00% |          64     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Ack |           6    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Ack::total            6                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Exclusive_Data |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Exclusive_Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_W.Memory_Ack |          64     50.00%     50.00% |          64     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_W.Memory_Ack::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETX |         400     50.63%     50.63% |         390     49.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETX::total          790                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETS |         193     53.31%     53.31% |         169     46.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETS::total          362                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Clean |        2554     49.80%     49.80% |        2574     50.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Clean::total         5128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Dirty |         154     57.89%     57.89% |         112     42.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Dirty::total          266                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean |     1577789     50.01%     50.01% |     1577422     49.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean::total      3155211                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty |     1334831     49.97%     49.97% |     1336204     50.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty::total      2671035                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_O_W.Memory_Ack |         154     57.89%     57.89% |         112     42.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_O_W.Memory_Ack::total          266                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_E_W.Memory_Ack |     1334832     49.97%     49.97% |     1336204     50.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_E_W.Memory_Ack::total      2671036                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total            2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total          128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total              2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total             128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total            2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total          128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total          128                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |      926408      1.01%      1.01% |     3196201      3.48%      4.49% |      512430      0.56%      5.04% |    87281326     94.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     91916365                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     4569831      0.42%      0.42% |    19195901      1.78%      2.21% |     2311983      0.21%      2.42% |  1051481271     97.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total   1077558986                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |      746934      0.89%      0.89% |     2443874      2.92%      3.82% |      377156      0.45%      4.27% |    80047011     95.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     83614975                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |          48      0.00%      0.00% |       13958      0.24%      0.24% |           0      0.00%      0.24% |     5827734     99.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total      5841740                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_to_L2  |       67741      0.29%      0.29% |      213863      0.92%      1.21% |       34435      0.15%      1.36% |    22921966     98.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_to_L2::total     23238005                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |       14064      0.08%      0.08% |      136912      0.80%      0.88% |        6029      0.04%      0.91% |    17002094     99.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total     17159099                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |       33101     25.09%     25.09% |       33675     25.53%     50.62% |       17970     13.62%     64.24% |       47168     35.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total       131914                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Complete_L2_to_L1 |       47165      0.27%      0.27% |      170587      0.99%      1.26% |       23999      0.14%      1.40% |    17049262     98.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Complete_L2_to_L1::total     17291013                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETX |     2686517     33.16%     33.16% |     2686540     33.16%     66.33% |     2695002     33.27%     99.60% |       32807      0.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETX::total      8100866                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETS |     3263516     33.15%     33.15% |     3242670     32.93%     66.08% |     3267719     33.19%     99.27% |       71851      0.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETS::total      9845756                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Merged_GETS |         176     51.46%     51.46% |          24      7.02%     58.48% |          78     22.81%     81.29% |          64     18.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Merged_GETS::total          342                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |       71453      0.40%      0.40% |      115548      0.65%      1.05% |       39282      0.22%      1.27% |    17588329     98.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total     17814612                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Ack |        8238     21.92%     21.92% |        4468     11.89%     33.81% |        4245     11.30%     45.10% |       20632     54.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Ack::total        37583                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |        5053     22.46%     22.46% |        5289     23.51%     45.96% |        2088      9.28%     55.24% |       10070     44.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total        22500                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Data |        8313     25.31%     25.31% |        7315     22.27%     47.59% |        8041     24.48%     72.07% |        9173     27.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Data::total        32842                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data |       18711      0.32%      0.32% |       40414      0.68%      1.00% |        9361      0.16%      1.16% |     5858262     98.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total      5926748                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |          25      0.00%      0.00% |       10689      0.18%      0.18% |           0      0.00%      0.18% |     5820927     99.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total      5831641                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks  |        9207     21.27%     21.27% |        9720     22.46%     43.73% |        8514     19.67%     63.40% |       15840     36.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks::total        43281                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks_no_sharers |       22979      0.39%      0.39% |       43388      0.73%      1.12% |       11005      0.19%      1.30% |     5861725     98.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks_no_sharers::total      5939097                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       15226      0.47%      0.47% |       35943      1.10%      1.57% |       13022      0.40%      1.97% |     3201903     98.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total      3266094                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        3231     19.99%     19.99% |        3459     21.40%     41.38% |        1253      7.75%     49.13% |        8223     50.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total        16166                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |       11031      0.41%      0.41% |       12101      0.45%      0.86% |        4326      0.16%      1.02% |     2665103     98.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total      2692561                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETX |     2677029     33.20%     33.20% |     2676434     33.20%     66.40% |     2684397     33.30%     99.70% |       24465      0.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETX::total      8062325                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETS |     3241029     33.27%     33.27% |     3210328     32.96%     66.23% |     3248246     33.35%     99.58% |       40597      0.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETS::total      9740200                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      124089      0.63%      0.63% |      310605      1.59%      2.22% |       94630      0.48%      2.70% |    19055619     97.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total     19584943                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     2837390      5.90%      5.90% |    14456315     30.08%     35.98% |     1685377      3.51%     39.49% |    29084066     60.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     48063148                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        2564     36.64%     36.64% |        1441     20.59%     57.24% |         883     12.62%     69.86% |        2109     30.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total         6997                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement |          23      0.23%      0.23% |        3269     32.37%     32.60% |           0      0.00%     32.60% |        6807     67.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement::total        10099                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_to_L2 |       34368     13.76%     13.76% |       38917     15.58%     29.34% |       16548      6.62%     35.96% |      159973     64.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_to_L2::total       249806                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |        3337      2.66%      2.66% |        6606      5.27%      7.93% |        2141      1.71%      9.64% |      113234     90.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total       125318                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |       26303     27.41%     27.41% |       26003     27.10%     54.50% |       10334     10.77%     65.27% |       33327     34.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total        95967                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETX |        3152     25.01%     25.01% |        3839     30.46%     55.48% |        5292     41.99%     97.47% |         319      2.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETX::total        12602                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETS |        8614     22.92%     22.92% |       14725     39.18%     62.10% |        9840     26.18%     88.28% |        4404     11.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETS::total        37583                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load    |       12762      5.34%      5.34% |       21103      8.83%     14.17% |       13405      5.61%     19.78% |      191655     80.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load::total       238925                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Ifetch  |      223425      1.26%      1.26% |      797544      4.49%      5.74% |      583894      3.28%      9.03% |    16176782     90.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Ifetch::total     17781645                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store   |         104     40.15%     40.15% |          75     28.96%     69.11% |          26     10.04%     79.15% |          54     20.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store::total          259                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L2_Replacement |           2      0.04%      0.04% |         903     16.74%     16.78% |           0      0.00%     16.78% |        4489     83.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L2_Replacement::total         5394                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_to_L2 |        3241      8.68%      8.68% |        9181     24.59%     33.27% |        9101     24.38%     57.65% |       15810     42.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_to_L2::total        37333                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |         793     12.37%     12.37% |        1997     31.15%     43.53% |        1075     16.77%     60.30% |        2545     39.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total         6410                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |        2351      7.95%      7.95% |        6982     23.61%     31.56% |        7500     25.36%     56.92% |       12739     43.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total        29572                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETX |        2487     22.78%     22.78% |        3765     34.48%     57.26% |        2544     23.30%     80.56% |        2123     19.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETX::total        10919                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETS |        1545     10.15%     10.15% |        6421     42.19%     52.34% |        3399     22.33%     74.68% |        3854     25.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETS::total        15219                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |       97508      0.30%      0.30% |      168829      0.52%      0.81% |       63299      0.19%      1.01% |    32417673     98.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     32747309                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch  |     1471817      0.15%      0.15% |     3904402      0.39%      0.53% |       22981      0.00%      0.53% |  1006162649     99.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch::total   1011561849                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |        2518      4.74%      4.74% |       19344     36.44%     41.18% |        1140      2.15%     43.33% |       30085     56.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total        53087                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |           7      0.00%      0.00% |        1167      0.04%      0.04% |           0      0.00%      0.04% |     3154499     99.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total      3155673                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_to_L2 |       10827      0.17%      0.17% |       10199      0.16%      0.32% |        2386      0.04%      0.36% |     6492483     99.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_to_L2::total      6515895                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |        2222      0.07%      0.07% |        3596      0.11%      0.17% |         528      0.02%      0.19% |     3329167     99.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total      3335513                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |        4447     69.76%     69.76% |         690     10.82%     80.58% |         136      2.13%     82.71% |        1102     17.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total         6375                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETX |         927     40.16%     40.16% |         150      6.50%     46.66% |         296     12.82%     59.49% |         935     40.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETX::total         2308                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETS |        3701     21.42%     21.42% |        6737     38.99%     60.41% |        3531     20.44%     80.84% |        3310     19.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETS::total        17279                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Merged_GETS |          60     77.92%     77.92% |          11     14.29%     92.21% |           4      5.19%     97.40% |           2      2.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Merged_GETS::total           77                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |      666081      2.55%      2.55% |     2567411      9.85%     12.40% |      323773      1.24%     13.64% |    22514334     86.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total     26071599                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |      726772      0.99%      0.99% |     2363949      3.21%      4.19% |      368625      0.50%      4.69% |    70244815     95.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total     73704161                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L2_Replacement |          16      0.00%      0.00% |        8619      0.32%      0.32% |           0      0.00%      0.32% |     2661939     99.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L2_Replacement::total      2670574                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_to_L2 |       19305      0.12%      0.12% |      155566      0.95%      1.06% |        6400      0.04%      1.10% |    16253700     98.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_to_L2::total     16434971                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |        7712      0.06%      0.06% |      124713      0.91%      0.97% |        2285      0.02%      0.98% |    13557148     99.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total     13691858                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETX |        2922     22.99%     22.99% |        2351     18.50%     41.48% |        2473     19.46%     60.94% |        4965     39.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETX::total        12711                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETS |        8627     24.32%     24.32% |        4456     12.56%     36.88% |        2703      7.62%     44.50% |       19686     55.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETS::total        35472                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Merged_GETS |         116     43.77%     43.77% |          13      4.91%     48.68% |          74     27.92%     76.60% |          62     23.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Merged_GETS::total          265                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Load   |        3312      2.65%      2.65% |        6533      5.22%      7.87% |        2135      1.71%      9.58% |      113067     90.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Load::total       125047                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Ifetch |       26303     27.41%     27.41% |       26003     27.10%     54.50% |       10334     10.77%     65.27% |       33327     34.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Ifetch::total        95967                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Store  |          25      9.23%      9.23% |          73     26.94%     36.16% |           6      2.21%     38.38% |         167     61.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Store::total          271                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Load   |         788     12.35%     12.35% |        1981     31.05%     43.40% |        1072     16.80%     60.20% |        2539     39.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Load::total         6380                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Ifetch |        2351      7.95%      7.95% |        6982     23.61%     31.56% |        7500     25.36%     56.92% |       12739     43.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Ifetch::total        29572                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Store  |           5     16.67%     16.67% |          16     53.33%     70.00% |           3     10.00%     80.00% |           6     20.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Store::total           30                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Load   |        1579      0.05%      0.05% |        2454      0.07%      0.12% |         497      0.01%      0.14% |     3328348     99.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Load::total      3332878                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Ifetch |        4447     69.76%     69.76% |         690     10.82%     80.58% |         136      2.13%     82.71% |        1102     17.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Ifetch::total         6375                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Store  |         643     24.40%     24.40% |        1142     43.34%     67.74% |          31      1.18%     68.92% |         819     31.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Store::total         2635                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Load  |        4978      0.08%      0.08% |       81183      1.24%      1.32% |         549      0.01%      1.33% |     6455534     98.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Load::total      6542244                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Store |        2734      0.04%      0.04% |       43530      0.61%      0.65% |        1736      0.02%      0.67% |     7101614     99.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Store::total      7149614                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |       27907      0.35%      0.35% |       23366      0.29%      0.64% |        9136      0.11%      0.75% |     7982230     99.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total      8042639                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |        1568     39.62%     39.62% |         774     19.56%     59.17% |         723     18.27%     77.44% |         893     22.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total         3958                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data |        9463      0.35%      0.35% |       11328      0.42%      0.77% |        3603      0.13%      0.91% |     2664210     99.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data::total      2688604                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        3369     45.03%     45.03% |        1289     17.23%     62.26% |         202      2.70%     64.96% |        2622     35.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total         7482                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Data   |        2589     35.62%     35.62% |        1514     20.83%     56.45% |         889     12.23%     68.68% |        2276     31.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Data::total         7268                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Other_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Other_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack    |         327     37.85%     37.85% |         270     31.25%     69.10% |          87     10.07%     79.17% |         180     20.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack::total          864                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks_no_sharers |         109     37.85%     37.85% |          90     31.25%     69.10% |          29     10.07%     79.17% |          60     20.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks_no_sharers::total          288                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.Ack   |        3408     29.13%     29.13% |        2703     23.10%     52.23% |        2896     24.75%     76.98% |        2694     23.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.Ack::total        11701                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.All_acks_no_sharers |        4157     37.03%     37.03% |        2288     20.38%     57.41% |        1612     14.36%     71.77% |        3169     28.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.All_acks_no_sharers::total        11226                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load  |          30     13.89%     13.89% |          37     17.13%     31.02% |          40     18.52%     49.54% |         109     50.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load::total          216                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store |          24     57.14%     57.14% |          12     28.57%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           6     14.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store::total           42                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Ack   |        3093     11.96%     11.96% |       10774     41.67%     53.63% |        4573     17.69%     71.32% |        7417     28.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Ack::total        25857                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.All_acks_no_sharers |        9224      0.28%      0.28% |       29074      0.90%      1.18% |        5758      0.18%      1.36% |     3194046     98.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.All_acks_no_sharers::total      3238102                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store |         489     10.88%     10.88% |        2149     47.81%     58.69% |         380      8.45%     67.14% |        1477     32.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store::total         4495                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Ack  |        1133      9.63%      9.63% |        4011     34.08%     43.70% |         945      8.03%     51.73% |        5682     48.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Ack::total        11771                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.All_acks_no_sharers |        9487      0.35%      0.35% |       11340      0.42%      0.77% |        3603      0.13%      0.91% |     2664216     99.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.All_acks_no_sharers::total      2688646                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Other_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Other_GETS::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ack    |       26111      0.27%      0.27% |       66938      0.69%      0.96% |       16507      0.17%      1.13% |     9582813     98.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ack::total      9692369                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Ack |        5469     18.28%     18.28% |        3862     12.91%     31.20% |        2806      9.38%     40.58% |       17774     59.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Ack::total        29911                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |         896      7.95%      7.95% |        3001     26.62%     34.57% |         476      4.22%     38.79% |        6901     61.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total        11274                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Data |        8313     25.31%     25.31% |        7315     22.27%     47.59% |        8041     24.48%     72.07% |        9173     27.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Data::total        32842                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data |        9248      0.29%      0.29% |       29086      0.90%      1.18% |        5758      0.18%      1.36% |     3194052     98.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data::total      3238144                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load   |          54     14.67%     14.67% |         101     27.45%     42.12% |           8      2.17%     44.29% |         205     55.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load::total          368                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ifetch |         867     20.34%     20.34% |         506     11.87%     32.21% |         508     11.92%     44.12% |        2382     55.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ifetch::total         4263                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store  |          25     75.76%     75.76% |           4     12.12%     87.88% |           0      0.00%     87.88% |           4     12.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store::total           33                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ack    |        6105     27.84%     27.84% |        6197     28.26%     56.10% |        4936     22.51%     78.61% |        4691     21.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ack::total        21929                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Shared_Ack |        2769     36.09%     36.09% |         606      7.90%     43.99% |        1439     18.76%     62.75% |        2858     37.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Shared_Ack::total         7672                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks |        9207     21.27%     21.27% |        9720     22.46%     43.73% |        8514     19.67%     63.40% |       15840     36.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks::total        43281                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks_no_sharers |           2      0.24%      0.24% |         596     71.38%     71.62% |           3      0.36%     71.98% |         234     28.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks_no_sharers::total          835                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Load   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Load::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack |           2      0.04%      0.04% |         903     16.74%     16.78% |           0      0.00%     16.78% |        4489     83.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack::total         5394                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          21      5.90%      5.90% |           0      0.00%      5.90% |         335     94.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load::total          356                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Ifetch |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Ifetch::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          38      4.81%      4.81% |           0      0.00%      4.81% |         752     95.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store::total          790                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack |          23      0.00%      0.00% |        9786      0.17%      0.17% |           0      0.00%      0.17% |     5816438     99.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack::total      5826247                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ST.Complete_L2_to_L1 |       29640     13.39%     13.39% |       32609     14.74%     28.13% |       12475      5.64%     33.77% |      146561     66.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ST.Complete_L2_to_L1::total       221285                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |        3144      8.74%      8.74% |        8979     24.95%     33.69% |        8575     23.83%     57.52% |       15284     42.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total        35982                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |        6669      0.20%      0.20% |        4286      0.13%      0.33% |         664      0.02%      0.35% |     3330269     99.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total      3341888                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |        7712      0.06%      0.06% |      124713      0.91%      0.97% |        2285      0.02%      0.98% |    13557148     99.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total     13691858                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
