
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.795452                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1795451633500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               54023997742501                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 114105                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   170036                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              282564188                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1818296                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  6354.14                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   725038776                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1080431785                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     95330048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          95330048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     43608512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       43608512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1489532                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total            1489532                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       681383                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            681383                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     53095303                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             53095303                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     24288325                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            24288325                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0     77383627                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            77383627                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                    1489532                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    681383                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                  1489532                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  681383                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              95063296                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                 266752                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               43604736                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               95330048                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            43608512                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                  4168                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                   37                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            95995                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            97546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            92692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            91571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            91250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            92263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            93128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            92812                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            93263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            91322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           92281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           93093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           92450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           92275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           91401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           92022                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            45644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            46183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            43461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            41240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            41703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            41812                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            42236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            42492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            42735                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            41447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           41669                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           41417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           42981                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           42100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           41815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           42389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 1795458861000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6              1489532                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              681383                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                1483673                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   1691                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                  1436                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                  1461                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                 42328                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                 42414                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                 42408                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                 42409                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                 42407                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                 42407                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                 42410                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                 42410                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                 42412                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                 42411                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                 42405                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                 42412                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                 42404                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                 42403                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                 42403                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                 42401                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples      1047206                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   132.417087                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    90.635129                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   176.618520                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       800621     76.45%     76.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255       101450      9.69%     86.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        64484      6.16%     92.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        24625      2.35%     94.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639        10951      1.05%     95.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         9538      0.91%     96.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895        10010      0.96%     97.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        21358      2.04%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         4169      0.40%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total      1047206                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        42401                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     35.121365                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    25.154703                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   142.976108                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        42142     99.39%     99.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-511           37      0.09%     99.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-767           35      0.08%     99.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023           30      0.07%     99.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279           38      0.09%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535           28      0.07%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791           13      0.03%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047           14      0.03%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303           19      0.04%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            9      0.02%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            7      0.02%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            6      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            5      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            1      0.00%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            3      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            3      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            4      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::5632-5887            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        42401                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        42401                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.068583                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.064764                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.363505                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16           40939     96.55%     96.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17              17      0.04%     96.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18            1444      3.41%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        42401                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 21664850972                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            49515425972                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                7426820000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    14585.55                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               33335.55                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       52.95                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       24.29                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    53.10                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    24.29                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.60                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.35                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  860332                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 259149                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                57.92                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               38.03                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    827051.66                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   51.67                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy              4009483800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy              2187714375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             5842488600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy            2234116080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        117493125360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        521786001375                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        621612203250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          1275165132840                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           708.871911                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1029232954753                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  59954180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 706268154997                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy              3918877200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy              2138276250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             5773318200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy            2180863440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        117493125360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        520192923480                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        623009648250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          1274707032180                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           708.617245                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1031663042252                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  59954180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 703837523998                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     95059072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          95059072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     43371776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       43371776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1485298                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            1485298                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       677684                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            677684                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     52944379                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             52944379                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     24156471                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            24156471                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1     77100851                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            77100851                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                    1485298                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    677684                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                  1485298                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  677684                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              94815744                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                 243328                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               43357248                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               95059072                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            43371776                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                  3802                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                  215                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            96150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            95522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            91658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            91429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            90921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            92454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            92862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            92851                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            93088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            91348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           91890                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           93298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           92500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           91948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           91748                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           91829                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            45727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            44483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            42237                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            41241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            41358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            41869                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            42011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            42331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            42686                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            41463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           41685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           41418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           42782                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           42124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           41824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           42218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 1795444656000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6              1485298                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              677684                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                1480146                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   1350                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                  1262                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                  1275                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 42107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 42196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 42193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 42197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 42189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 42188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 42191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 42189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 42187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 42187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 42185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 42185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 42185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 42182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 42182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 42183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples      1041257                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   132.698321                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    90.652826                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   177.418488                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127       796875     76.53%     76.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        99616      9.57%     86.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        64107      6.16%     92.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        24436      2.35%     94.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639        11059      1.06%     95.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         9519      0.91%     96.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         9820      0.94%     97.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        21536      2.07%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         4289      0.41%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total      1041257                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        42182                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     35.212721                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    25.048586                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   171.060345                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        41980     99.52%     99.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-511           25      0.06%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-767           25      0.06%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023           13      0.03%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279           30      0.07%     99.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535           28      0.07%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791           13      0.03%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            7      0.02%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            5      0.01%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            5      0.01%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            5      0.01%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            6      0.01%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            4      0.01%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            2      0.00%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            3      0.01%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            1      0.00%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            7      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            3      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            4      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            3      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            4      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            2      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::5888-6143            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6399            3      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::6400-6655            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::6656-6911            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::6912-7167            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        42182                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        42182                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.060334                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.056954                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.341993                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16           40906     96.98%     96.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17               9      0.02%     97.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18            1265      3.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19               2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        42182                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 21646645984                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            49424695984                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                7407480000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    14611.34                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               33361.34                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       52.81                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       24.15                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    52.94                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    24.16                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.60                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.38                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  858865                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 258832                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                57.97                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               38.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    830078.41                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   51.77                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy              3977731800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy              2170389375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             5815836000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy            2211345360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        117493125360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        521670226680                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        621713768250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          1275052422825                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           708.809250                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1029318910750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  59954180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 706178099250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              3905624520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy              2131045125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             5769925200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy            2178576000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        117493125360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        520186934205                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        623014902000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          1274680132410                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           708.602291                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1031687689501                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  59954180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 703812876749                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     95258752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          95258752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     43351808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       43351808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2      1488418                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total            1488418                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       677372                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            677372                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     53055593                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total             53055593                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     24145350                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            24145350                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2     77200943                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total            77200943                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                    1488418                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    677372                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                  1488418                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  677372                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              95024896                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                 233856                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               43325824                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               95258752                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            43351808                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                  3654                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                  388                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            96050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            97284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            92120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            91396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            91168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            92307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            93489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            92966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            93169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            91443                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           91956                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           93297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           92379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           92359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           91445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           91936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            45507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            42950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            41928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            41301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            41590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            41741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            42457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            42511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            42695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            41736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           41641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           41480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           42973                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           42152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           41921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           42383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 1795446116500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6              1488418                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              677372                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                1483240                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   1524                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                  1141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                  1162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                 42092                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                 42173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                 42183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                 42176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                 42171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                 42175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                 42173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                 42172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                 42174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                 42171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                 42170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                 42173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                 42170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                 42168                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                 42166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                 42166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples      1044178                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   132.497379                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean    90.574023                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   177.182659                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127       799285     76.55%     76.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255       100343      9.61%     86.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        63772      6.11%     92.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511        24576      2.35%     94.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639        11196      1.07%     95.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         9453      0.91%     96.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         9583      0.92%     97.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        21615      2.07%     99.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         4355      0.42%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total      1044178                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        42166                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     35.302424                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    25.017985                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   229.719448                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-511        42013     99.64%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023           35      0.08%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535           49      0.12%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1536-2047           27      0.06%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2559            3      0.01%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2560-3071           10      0.02%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3583            3      0.01%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::3584-4095            3      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4607            3      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            4      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            2      0.00%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            3      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            3      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::11776-12287            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::14336-14847            3      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::15360-15871            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        42166                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        42166                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.054783                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.051705                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.326375                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16           41008     97.25%     97.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::17               8      0.02%     97.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18            1148      2.72%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::19               2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        42166                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 21683125225                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            49522450225                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                7423820000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    14603.75                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               33353.75                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                       52.93                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       24.13                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                    53.06                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    24.15                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.60                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     25.47                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  859286                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 258267                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                57.87                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               38.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    829002.87                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   51.70                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy              3987831960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy              2175900375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy             5838674400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy            2203102800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy        117493125360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy        521337277710                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy        622005828750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          1275041741355                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           708.803312                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1029836669251                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF  59954180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 705660494249                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy              3917516400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy              2137533750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy             5772241800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy            2183636880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy        117493125360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy        519807708360                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy        623347556250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          1274659318800                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           708.590721                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1032228488750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF  59954180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 703272077500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     95133120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          95133120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     43460608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       43460608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3      1486455                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total            1486455                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       679072                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            679072                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     52985621                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total             52985621                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     24205948                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            24205948                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3     77191569                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total            77191569                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                    1486455                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    679072                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                  1486455                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  679072                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              94904640                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                 228480                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               43432576                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               95133120                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            43460608                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                  3570                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                  413                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            96953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            93776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            91867                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            91437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            91214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            92330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            93121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            92978                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            93567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            91609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           92253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           92951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           92857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           92287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           91761                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           91924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            45637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            43259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            41980                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            41412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            41731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            41850                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            42343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            42590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            42875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            41741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           41875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           41572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           43076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           42288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           41997                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           42408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 1795451397500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6              1486455                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              679072                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                1481629                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   1256                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                  1097                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                  1116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                 42197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                 42294                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                 42295                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                 42288                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                 42284                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                 42280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                 42283                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                 42282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                 42281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                 42279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                 42282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                 42279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                 42280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                 42280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                 42276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                 42276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples      1045368                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   132.333571                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean    90.449902                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   177.341108                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127       801361     76.66%     76.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255       100261      9.59%     86.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        63187      6.04%     92.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511        24161      2.31%     94.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639        11115      1.06%     95.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         9545      0.91%     96.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         9747      0.93%     97.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        21395      2.05%     99.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         4596      0.44%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total      1045368                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        42276                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     35.166288                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    24.917281                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   242.049719                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023        42166     99.74%     99.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047           65      0.15%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2048-3071           12      0.03%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::3072-4095           10      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::4096-5119            5      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::5120-6143            4      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::6144-7167            4      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::7168-8191            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::8192-9215            4      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::10240-11263            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::13312-14335            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::14336-15359            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::24576-25599            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        42276                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        42276                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.052465                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.049511                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.319729                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16           41164     97.37%     97.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::17              10      0.02%     97.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18            1098      2.60%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::19               4      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        42276                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 21627521729                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            49431615479                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                7414425000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    14584.76                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               33334.76                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                       52.86                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       24.19                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                    52.99                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    24.21                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.60                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     25.47                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  856846                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 259305                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                57.78                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               38.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    829105.99                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   51.64                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy              3981852000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy              2172637500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy             5814377400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy            2208396960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy        117493125360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy        520779597975                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy        622495021500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          1274945008695                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           708.749537                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1030676905250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF  59954180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 704820798750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy              3932628840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy              2145779625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy             5781976200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy            2189151360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy        117493125360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy        519124935285                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy        623946480000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          1274614076670                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           708.565570                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1033253060250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF  59954180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 702247506000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      3588805032                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1423827                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                      3108219                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              3041287                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                      92198                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       204407                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     3041287                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads            6180404                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           2520068                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             1710127                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes             928181                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                       733828                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     453004                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    280824                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              3579100189.044980                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              9704842.955020                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.002704                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.997296                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           324590                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                53788      1.73%      1.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  2296793     73.89%     75.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    5858      0.19%     75.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    17955      0.58%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  453004     14.57%     90.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 280824      9.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                   3108222                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      3588891071                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    3854832                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                      7714539                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses              7575732                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1778                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     201024                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       649702                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                     7575732                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                         1778                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           15075411                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           6165208                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                2988                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes               1416                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads             4865368                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes            2623256                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      1746058                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    1133006                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                    613052                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              3567851704.216733                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              21039366.783267                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.005862                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.994138                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                           886943                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                55805      0.72%      0.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  5885208     76.29%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                    7774      0.10%     77.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                    18440      0.24%     77.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                   1344      0.02%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 1133006     14.69%     92.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                 613052      7.95%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                   7714629                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      3594208941                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    1312045                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      2826170                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              2763232                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                    39                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                      77256                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       199647                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     2763232                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                           39                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads            5622649                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           2292237                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                  63                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                 31                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             1597707                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes             836020                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                       673666                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     417600                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    256066                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              3586107751.155304                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              8101189.844695                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.002254                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.997746                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           302337                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                53771      1.90%      1.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  2074132     73.39%     75.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    5505      0.19%     75.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    19088      0.68%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                     30      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  417600     14.78%     90.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 256066      9.06%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   2826192                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      3592854791                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                  717105473                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                   1064313416                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses            463823963                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses             708837843                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     897007                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts     10828224                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                   463823963                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                    708837843                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads          971733476                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes         343718924                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads          1593836311                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes          654311799                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads           111612409                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes          201611065                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                    129325717                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                   75427194                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                  53898523                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              11660157.423188                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              3581194633.576812                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.996755                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.003245                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                         12015780                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass               313352      0.03%      0.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                431284044     40.52%     40.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   87825      0.01%     40.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                     2206      0.00%     40.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd              503316796     47.29%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                75427194      7.09%     94.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite               53898523      5.06%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                1064329940                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                   83                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                  83                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1860                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1860                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq                13                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp               13                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          910                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          940                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          162                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          924                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1106                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          910                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          920                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          922                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          936                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    3912                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           11                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1820                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1847                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           81                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1969                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1820                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1844                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     7548                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                31996                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy              119500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             1049500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             1059998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             1044000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             1163260                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy                6000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy              707500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy              849500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy              690500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy              704000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  4                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  39                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples              127110600                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.857612                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 2.474975                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |   113497803     89.29%     89.29% |       16903      0.01%     89.30% |    13591512     10.69%    100.00% |        1136      0.00%    100.00% |        3234      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                127110600                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   1225912147                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000442                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1225911907    100.00%    100.00% |         240      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   1225912147                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     1225912147                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.951015                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.067457                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev        11.545484                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  1225637383     99.98%     99.98% |      180199      0.01%     99.99% |       91168      0.01%    100.00% |        1956      0.00%    100.00% |        1316      0.00%    100.00% |         108      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       1225912147                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   1202795028                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1202795028    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   1202795028                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     23117119                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    51.432783                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    31.874477                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    67.626661                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |    22842355     98.81%     98.81% |      180199      0.78%     99.59% |       91168      0.39%     99.99% |        1956      0.01%     99.99% |        1316      0.01%    100.00% |         108      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     23117119                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits       705362                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        28102                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       733464                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits      1846867                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses        46036                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses      1892903                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1666209                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses        81738                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1747947                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits      5000312                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses        43451                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses      5043763                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles             2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits       645619                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses        28010                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       673629                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits      1709454                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        34467                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses      1743921                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits    143400514                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses     22807946                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    166208460                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits   1047820691                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        47369                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses   1047868060                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits     17153548                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses      5963571                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses     23117119                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            16                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     0.007175                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Control::0        74138                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::2        53500                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::1        81074                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::1        54569                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::2        22864                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         1476                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         9110                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          511                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Control::0       593104                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       428000                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5837328                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       436552                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       182912                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       106272                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       655920                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4088                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized     0.014137                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Control::0       125189                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Request_Control::2        52536                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Data::1       133966                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Control::1        99022                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Control::2        76021                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        41954                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         8970                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        13862                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Control::0      1001512                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       420288                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      9645552                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       792176                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       608168                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3020688                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       645840                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       110896                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized     0.006011                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Control::0        62477                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::2        45929                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Data::1        66791                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::1        42245                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::2        22731                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         1886                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         7867                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1097                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Control::0       499816                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       367432                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4808952                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       337960                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       181848                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       135792                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       566424                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         8776                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized     2.821767                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Control::0     22855315                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Request_Control::2        37667                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Data::1     22855282                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::1     22821211                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::2     22799077                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0     13530780                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         7094                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      9256034                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Control::0    182842520                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       301336                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1   1645580304                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    182569688                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2    182392616                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    974216160                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       510768                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     74048272                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     3.494610                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Control::0     29066822                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::2       113116                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::1     31774591                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::1     32126576                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::2     22920693                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0     13576096                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        33041                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      9271504                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Control::0    232534576                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       904928                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1   2287770552                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    257012608                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2    183365544                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    977478912                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      2378952                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     74172032                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.162332                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Control::0      1489532                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2170915                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2288941                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Control::0     11916256                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    156305880                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     18311528                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.161772                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Control::0      1485298                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2162982                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2284198                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Control::0     11882384                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    155734704                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     18273584                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.162015                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Control::0      1488418                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2165790                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2290676                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Control::0     11907344                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    155936880                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     18325408                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.161946                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Control::0      1486455                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2165527                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2285082                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Control::0     11891640                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    155917944                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     18280656                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.635663                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Control::0     29066822                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Request_Control::2       189632                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::1     31788459                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::1     32146260                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::2     22920693                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0     13576096                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        33041                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      9271504                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Control::0    232534576                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1517056                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1   2288769048                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    257170080                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2    183365544                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    977478912                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      2378952                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     74172032                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        87200466                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control       492380                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     95365377                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control    165200859                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data     40827411                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     27814512                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control        697603728                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control      3939040                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   6866307144                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control   1321606872                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data   2939573592                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    222516096                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     0.009807                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        53500                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        70589                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        15496                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       428000                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5082408                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       123968                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004542                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        74138                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        10485                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        39073                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        22864                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         1476                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         9110                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          511                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       593104                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       754920                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       312584                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       182912                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       106272                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       655920                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4088                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization     0.017080                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        52536                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       123710                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        60706                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       420288                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      8907120                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       485648                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization     0.011195                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       125189                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        10256                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        38316                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        76021                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        41954                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         8970                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        13862                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      1001512                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       738432                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       306528                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       608168                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3020688                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       645840                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       110896                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization     0.008454                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        45929                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        61594                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         6857                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       367432                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4434768                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        54856                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization     0.003568                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        62477                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5197                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        35388                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        22731                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         1886                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         7867                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1097                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       499816                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       374184                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       283104                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       181848                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       135792                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       566424                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         8776                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization     3.181882                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        37667                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1     22854186                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1     22791265                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       301336                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1   1645501392                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    182330120                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization     2.461652                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0     22855315                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         1096                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        29946                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2     22799077                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0     13530780                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         7094                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      9256034                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0    182842520                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        78912                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       239568                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2    182392616                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    974216160                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       510768                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     74048272                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     3.307143                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0     23117119                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      5962869                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      6055243                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2     22920693                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0     13576096                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        33041                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      9271504                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0    184936952                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    429326568                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     48441944                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2    183365544                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    977478912                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      2378952                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     74172032                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     3.682077                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      5949703                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2       113116                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1     25811722                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1     26071333                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     47597624                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       904928                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1   1858443984                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    208570664                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.117321                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      1489532                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       681383                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       803779                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     11916256                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     49059576                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6430232                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.207343                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1489532                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1485162                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    107246304                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     11881296                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.116791                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      1485298                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       677684                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       803257                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     11882384                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     48793248                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6426056                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.206753                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1485298                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1480941                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    106941456                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     11847528                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.116843                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      1488418                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       677372                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       806652                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     11907344                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     48770784                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6453216                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.207187                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1488418                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1484024                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    107166096                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     11872192                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.116978                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      1486455                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       679072                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       803005                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     11891640                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     48893184                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6424040                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.206914                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1486455                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1482077                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    107024760                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     11856616                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.009807                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        53500                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        70589                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        15496                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       428000                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5082408                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       123968                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.017080                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        52536                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       123710                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        60706                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       420288                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      8907120                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       485648                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.link_utilization     0.008454                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Request_Control::2        45929                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::1        61594                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::1         6857                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       367432                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4434768                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        54856                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.link_utilization     3.181882                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Request_Control::2        37667                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::1     22854186                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::1     22791265                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       301336                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1   1645501392                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    182330120                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.link_utilization     3.307143                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Control::0     23117119                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::1      5962869                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::1      6055243                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::2     22920693                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0     13576096                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        33041                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      9271504                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::0    184936952                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    429326568                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     48441944                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2    183365544                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    977478912                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      2378952                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     74172032                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.link_utilization     0.117321                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Control::0      1489532                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::1       681383                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::1       803779                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::0     11916256                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     49059576                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6430232                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.link_utilization     0.116791                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Control::0      1485298                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1       677684                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::1       803257                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Control::0     11882384                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     48793248                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6426056                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.link_utilization     0.116843                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Control::0      1488418                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::1       677372                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Control::1       806652                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Control::0     11907344                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     48770784                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6453216                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.link_utilization     0.116978                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Control::0      1486455                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1       679072                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::1       803005                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Control::0     11891640                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     48893184                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6424040                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle10.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples      68885412                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         1.578271                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        3.185181                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |    55301471     80.28%     80.28% |        5599      0.01%     80.29% |    13574021     19.71%     99.99% |        1110      0.00%    100.00% |        3199      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total        68885412                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples      58035556                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.005027                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.168427                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |    57961339     99.87%     99.87% |       45361      0.08%     99.95% |        3995      0.01%     99.96% |        7309      0.01%     99.97% |       17319      0.03%    100.00% |         172      0.00%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total        58035556                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        189632                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.000095                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.013778                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |      189623    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          189632                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples     88495499                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       7.887711                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.661571                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     28.920325                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |    88374577     99.86%     99.86% |       72499      0.08%     99.95% |       46763      0.05%    100.00% |        1050      0.00%    100.00% |         530      0.00%    100.00% |          66      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total      88495499                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     75361621                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    75361621    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     75361621                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     13133878                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    47.409100                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    30.608812                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    61.655294                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |    13012956     99.08%     99.08% |       72499      0.55%     99.63% |       46763      0.36%     99.99% |        1050      0.01%    100.00% |         530      0.00%    100.00% |          66      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     13133878                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     54789141                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean      10.886785                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.848745                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     38.065011                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    54637829     99.72%     99.72% |      105852      0.19%     99.92% |       43750      0.08%    100.00% |         887      0.00%    100.00% |         779      0.00%    100.00% |          41      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      54789141                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     45260704                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    45260704    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     45260704                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      9528437                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    57.849664                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    34.242079                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    75.244311                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     9377125     98.41%     98.41% |      105852      1.11%     99.52% |       43750      0.46%     99.98% |         887      0.01%     99.99% |         779      0.01%    100.00% |          41      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      9528437                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   1056548647                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.007807                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000541                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.071548                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  1056546570    100.00%    100.00% |        1529      0.00%    100.00% |         525      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   1056548647                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   1056377324                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1056377324    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   1056377324                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       171323                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    49.144225                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    28.047824                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    69.018664                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      169246     98.79%     98.79% |        1529      0.89%     99.68% |         525      0.31%     99.99% |          16      0.01%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       171323                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples     25596646                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.233217                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.031775                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.547561                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |    25592023     99.98%     99.98% |        4206      0.02%    100.00% |         149      0.00%    100.00% |         150      0.00%    100.00% |          83      0.00%    100.00% |          31      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total     25596646                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     25329886                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    25329886    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     25329886                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       266760                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    23.378036                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    20.114929                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    26.684120                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      262137     98.27%     98.27% |        4206      1.58%     99.84% |         149      0.06%     99.90% |         150      0.06%     99.96% |          83      0.03%     99.99% |          31      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       266760                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       241107                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.754234                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.240911                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    10.488942                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      240593     99.79%     99.79% |         478      0.20%     99.99% |           9      0.00%     99.99% |          11      0.00%     99.99% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       241107                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       224386                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      224386    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       224386                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        16721                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    26.295018                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    22.474235                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    31.479861                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       16207     96.93%     96.93% |         478      2.86%     99.78% |           9      0.05%     99.84% |          11      0.07%     99.90% |          11      0.07%     99.97% |           5      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        16721                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       241107                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      241107    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       241107                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       241107                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      241107    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       241107                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |     1489532     25.04%     25.04% |     1485298     24.96%     50.00% |     1488418     25.02%     75.02% |     1486455     24.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      5949703                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      681383     25.09%     25.09% |      677684     24.96%     50.05% |      677372     24.94%     74.99% |      679072     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total      2715511                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |     1489532     25.04%     25.04% |     1485298     24.96%     50.00% |     1488418     25.02%     75.02% |     1486455     24.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      5949703                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      681383     25.09%     25.09% |      677684     24.96%     50.05% |      677372     24.94%     74.99% |      679072     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      2715511                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      803779     24.99%     24.99% |      803257     24.97%     49.96% |      806652     25.08%     75.04% |      803005     24.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total      3216693                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |     1489532     25.04%     25.04% |     1485298     24.96%     50.00% |     1488418     25.02%     75.02% |     1486455     24.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      5949703                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      681383     25.09%     25.09% |      677684     24.96%     50.05% |      677372     24.94%     74.99% |      679072     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total      2715511                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      803779     24.99%     24.99% |      803257     24.97%     49.96% |      806652     25.08%     75.04% |      803005     24.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total      3216693                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |     1489532     25.04%     25.04% |     1485298     24.96%     50.00% |     1488418     25.02%     75.02% |     1486455     24.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      5949703                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      681383     25.09%     25.09% |      677684     24.96%     50.05% |      677372     24.94%     74.99% |      679072     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total      2715511                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |      415328      0.47%      0.47% |     1033402      1.17%      1.64% |      388083      0.44%      2.08% |    86658686     97.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     88495499                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     1892903      0.18%      0.18% |     5043763      0.48%      0.66% |     1743921      0.17%      0.82% |  1047868060     99.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total   1056548647                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |      318136      0.39%      0.39% |      714545      0.88%      1.28% |      285546      0.35%      1.63% |    79549774     98.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     80868001                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       48183     27.41%     27.41% |       47286     26.90%     54.32% |       43255     24.61%     78.93% |       37040     21.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total       175764                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |       31019      0.14%      0.14% |       86688      0.38%      0.51% |       24043      0.10%      0.62% |    22827688     99.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total     22969438                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |         149     21.23%     21.23% |         244     34.76%     55.98% |         151     21.51%     77.49% |         158     22.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total          702                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        5168     39.25%     39.25% |        5006     38.02%     77.27% |        2523     19.16%     96.44% |         469      3.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        13166                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |         465     21.78%     21.78% |         394     18.45%     40.23% |         720     33.72%     73.96% |         556     26.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total         2135                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |        8901      0.07%      0.07% |       53063      0.41%      0.47% |        8643      0.07%      0.54% |    13025002     99.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total     13095609                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |        2283     17.34%     17.34% |        2332     17.71%     35.05% |        4936     37.49%     72.54% |        3615     27.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        13166                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |       58940      0.59%      0.59% |       67921      0.68%      1.27% |       47295      0.47%      1.74% |     9825013     98.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      9999169                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |        9495     54.11%     54.11% |        3017     17.19%     71.30% |        2271     12.94%     84.24% |        2766     15.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total        17549                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        4014     43.75%     43.75% |        1873     20.41%     64.16% |        1603     17.47%     81.63% |        1685     18.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total         9175                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |        1987      0.01%      0.01% |       55816      0.24%      0.25% |        2983      0.01%      0.27% |    22786814     99.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total     22847600                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |        7613      0.06%      0.06% |       51033      0.39%      0.45% |        8008      0.06%      0.51% |    13036503     99.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total     13103157                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |       22347     25.20%     25.20% |       23514     26.52%     51.72% |       14504     16.36%     68.08% |       28305     31.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total        88670                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |        1211      0.01%      0.01% |       12141      0.12%      0.14% |        2022      0.02%      0.16% |     9762880     99.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      9778254                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |        3540     18.24%     18.24% |        5161     26.59%     44.82% |        2113     10.89%     55.71% |        8598     44.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        19412                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        8809     28.67%     28.67% |       10079     32.81%     61.48% |       10850     35.32%     96.80% |         983      3.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total        30721                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |       23689     28.66%     28.66% |       19937     24.12%     52.78% |       19963     24.15%     76.93% |       19064     23.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total        82653                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |        6920     25.99%     25.99% |        7006     26.31%     52.31% |        6247     23.46%     75.77% |        6451     24.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total        26624                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        4738     29.33%     29.33% |        5076     31.42%     60.75% |        4049     25.06%     85.81% |        2292     14.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        16155                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       71646     23.21%     23.21% |       99524     32.24%     55.44% |       79940     25.89%     81.34% |       57619     18.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       308729                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     1846867      0.17%      0.17% |     5000312      0.47%      0.65% |     1709454      0.16%      0.81% |  1047820691     99.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total   1056377324                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        3549     50.41%     50.41% |        1479     21.01%     71.42% |         883     12.54%     83.96% |        1129     16.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total         7040                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |       31061     28.22%     28.22% |       29128     26.46%     54.68% |       29163     26.49%     81.17% |       20729     18.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total       110081                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |       24294     22.99%     22.99% |       25796     24.41%     47.40% |       17011     16.10%     63.49% |       38582     36.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       105683                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |       40187      0.07%      0.07% |      199722      0.33%      0.39% |       40509      0.07%      0.46% |    61086991     99.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total     61367409                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |        1907      0.05%      0.05% |       31759      0.84%      0.89% |        1837      0.05%      0.93% |     3767772     99.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total      3803275                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        4472     33.80%     33.80% |        4027     30.44%     64.24% |        4112     31.08%     95.32% |         619      4.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total        13230                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |         511      0.01%      0.01% |       13862      0.15%      0.16% |        1097      0.01%      0.17% |     9256034     99.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total      9271504                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX |         106     33.23%     33.23% |         116     36.36%     69.59% |          40     12.54%     82.13% |          57     17.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX::total          319                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |        1995     26.72%     26.72% |        3821     51.17%     77.89% |        1543     20.66%     98.55% |         108      1.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total         7467                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |      287073      2.10%      2.10% |      673044      4.92%      7.02% |      248776      1.82%      8.83% |    12476590     91.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     13685483                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |      304549      0.45%      0.45% |      662160      0.98%      1.44% |      274557      0.41%      1.85% |    66011542     98.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     67252808                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |        9110     27.57%     27.57% |        8970     27.15%     54.72% |        7867     23.81%     78.53% |        7094     21.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total        33041                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |        1476      0.01%      0.01% |       41954      0.31%      0.32% |        1886      0.01%      0.33% |    13530780     99.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total     13576096                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |          43     11.23%     11.23% |         128     33.42%     44.65% |         111     28.98%     73.63% |         101     26.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total          383                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |        3173     55.68%     55.68% |        1185     20.79%     76.47% |         980     17.20%     93.67% |         361      6.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total         5699                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |        8901      0.07%      0.07% |       53063      0.41%      0.47% |        8643      0.07%      0.54% |    13025002     99.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total     13095609                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |        2283     17.34%     17.34% |        2332     17.71%     35.05% |        4936     37.49%     72.54% |        3615     27.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        13166                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |       51274     26.10%     26.10% |       49168     25.03%     51.13% |       39746     20.23%     71.37% |       56238     28.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       196426                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |         465     21.78%     21.78% |         394     18.45%     40.23% |         720     33.72%     73.96% |         556     26.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total         2135                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |        7666      0.08%      0.08% |       18753      0.19%      0.27% |        7549      0.08%      0.35% |     9768775     99.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      9802743                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        9495     54.11%     54.11% |        3017     17.19%     71.30% |        2271     12.94%     84.24% |        2766     15.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total        17549                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |        4014     43.75%     43.75% |        1873     20.41%     64.16% |        1603     17.47%     81.63% |        1685     18.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total         9175                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |        1987      0.01%      0.01% |       55816      0.24%      0.25% |        2983      0.01%      0.27% |    22786814     99.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total     22847600                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR       171324      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS       13133882      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX        9804878      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE         7040      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX       22847600      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement      2684806      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean      3247398      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data       5949703      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack        5932204      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data          38740      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean         7467      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack              66007      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all          57032      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock          13166      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock     22907527      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR        39503      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS      3210725      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX      2699475      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR       131811      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS        25103      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX         2135      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE         7040      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement          616      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean        43186      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR            9      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS      9884884      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX      7102566      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement      2681584      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean      3160547      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS        13166      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX          702      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX     22847600      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement         2606      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean        43665      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack      5932204      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data         2336      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all          270      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data        30705      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all        12960      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack          65229      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all        43186      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack            778      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all          616      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data      3210725      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data        39503      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data      2699475      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock         9175      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock     22898352      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data         5689      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean         7450      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock           27      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data           10      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean           17      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock        13139      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.825687                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1825686813500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               54054232922501                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 114326                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   171098                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              281541760                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2082488                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  6484.60                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   741359326                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1109504510                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     96140224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          96140224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     44187072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       44187072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1502191                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total            1502191                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       690423                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            690423                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     52659757                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             52659757                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     24202986                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            24202986                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0     76862743                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            76862743                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                    1502191                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    690423                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                  1502191                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  690423                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              95871040                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                 269184                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               44183360                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               96140224                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            44187072                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                  4206                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                   37                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            96572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            98728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            93511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            92152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            92150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            93173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            93934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            93892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            94023                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            92199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           93050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           93603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           93310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           92958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           92002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           92728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            46123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            47013                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            44143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            41582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            42209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            42338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            42829                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            43147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            43329                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            42164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           42227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           41833                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           43623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           42661                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           42240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           42904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 1825693919000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6              1502191                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              690423                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                1496090                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   1892                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                  1459                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                  1487                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                 42877                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                 42976                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                 42970                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                 42971                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                 42970                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                 42971                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                 42976                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                 42973                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                 42976                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                 42974                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                 42968                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                 42975                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                 42966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                 42965                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                 42964                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                 42963                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples      1058951                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   132.257617                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    90.663183                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   176.055122                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       808323     76.33%     76.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255       104257      9.85%     86.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        65177      6.15%     92.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        24893      2.35%     94.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639        11080      1.05%     95.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         9625      0.91%     96.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895        10038      0.95%     97.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        21377      2.02%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         4181      0.39%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total      1058951                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        42963                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     34.955799                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    25.110157                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   142.046294                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        42704     99.40%     99.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-511           37      0.09%     99.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-767           35      0.08%     99.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023           30      0.07%     99.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279           38      0.09%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535           28      0.07%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791           13      0.03%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047           14      0.03%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303           19      0.04%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            9      0.02%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            7      0.02%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            6      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            5      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            1      0.00%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            3      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            3      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            4      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::5632-5887            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        42963                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        42963                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.068827                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.064992                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.364230                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16           41477     96.54%     96.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17              17      0.04%     96.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18            1467      3.41%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19               2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        42963                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 21874244969                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            49961463719                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                7489925000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    14602.45                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               33352.45                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       52.51                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       24.20                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    52.66                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    24.20                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.60                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.34                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  866627                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 262771                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                57.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               38.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    832656.33                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   51.61                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy              4054473360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy              2212262250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             5895965400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy            2264008320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        119467863840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        527843625075                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        634438911750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          1296177109995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           708.642251                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1050533870504                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  60963760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 714191124496                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy              3962679840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy              2162176500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             5818285200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy            2209556880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        119467863840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        526030133310                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        636029694000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          1295680389570                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           708.370685                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1053289205252                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  60963760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 711437382498                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     95861952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          95861952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     43947328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       43947328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1497843                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            1497843                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       686677                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            686677                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     52507337                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             52507337                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     24071669                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            24071669                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1     76579005                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            76579005                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                    1497843                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    686677                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                  1497843                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  686677                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              95616064                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                 245888                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               43932928                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               95861952                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            43947328                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                  3842                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                  215                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            96755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            96674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            92496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            91986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            91809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            93351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            93670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            93926                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            93834                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            92187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           92628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           93787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           93376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           92640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           92367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           92515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            46248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            45283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            42893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            41559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            41856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            42390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            42611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            42997                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            43239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            42180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           42254                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           41837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           43439                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           42680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           42260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           42726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 1825685742000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6              1497843                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              686677                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                1492436                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   1565                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                  1287                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                  1301                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 42652                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 42757                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 42753                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 42756                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 42747                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 42750                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 42751                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 42749                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 42748                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 42746                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 42744                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 42745                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 42745                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 42742                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 42741                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 42742                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples      1052810                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   132.549075                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    90.687627                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   176.855497                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127       804396     76.40%     76.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255       102380      9.72%     86.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        64826      6.16%     92.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        24713      2.35%     94.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639        11186      1.06%     95.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         9597      0.91%     96.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         9863      0.94%     97.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        21554      2.05%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         4295      0.41%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total      1052810                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        42741                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     35.044875                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    25.003748                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   169.945217                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        42539     99.53%     99.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-511           25      0.06%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-767           25      0.06%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023           13      0.03%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279           30      0.07%     99.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535           28      0.07%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791           13      0.03%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            7      0.02%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            5      0.01%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            5      0.01%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            5      0.01%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            6      0.01%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            4      0.01%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            2      0.00%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            3      0.01%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            1      0.00%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            7      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            3      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            4      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            3      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            4      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            2      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::5888-6143            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6399            3      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::6400-6655            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::6656-6911            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::6912-7167            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        42741                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        42741                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.060738                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.057337                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.343068                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16           41439     96.95%     96.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17              10      0.02%     96.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18            1290      3.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19               2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        42741                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 21855147729                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            49867666479                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                7470005000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    14628.60                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               33378.60                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       52.37                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       24.06                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    52.51                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    24.07                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.60                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.40                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  865118                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 262525                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                57.91                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               38.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    835737.71                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   51.72                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy              4022381160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy              2194751625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             5869024200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy            2241023760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        119467863840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        527701772025                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        634563344250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          1296060160860                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           708.578312                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1050659043000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  60963760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 714062939000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              3948315840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy              2154339000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             5814268200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy            2207185200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        119467863840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        526030077735                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        636029742750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          1295651792565                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           708.355051                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1053303149501                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  60963760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 711421845499                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     96050368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          96050368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     43917184                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       43917184                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2      1500787                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total            1500787                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       686206                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            686206                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     52610539                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total             52610539                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     24055158                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            24055158                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2     76665697                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total            76665697                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                    1500787                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    686206                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                  1500787                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  686206                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              95814272                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                 236096                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               43891328                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               96050368                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            43917184                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                  3689                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                  388                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            96644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            98373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            92940                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            91956                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            92042                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            93181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            94267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            94042                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            93919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            92306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           92718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           93782                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           93246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           93038                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           92010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           92634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            46001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            43716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            42554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            41622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            42068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            42243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            43049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            43199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            43261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            42452                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           42226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           41889                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           43624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           42689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           42340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           42869                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 1825681555000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6              1500787                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              686206                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                1495365                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   1728                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                  1182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                  1203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                 42624                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                 42719                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                 42731                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                 42726                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                 42719                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                 42723                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                 42723                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                 42721                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                 42721                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                 42717                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                 42719                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                 42723                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                 42717                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                 42715                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                 42713                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                 42713                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples      1055537                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   132.355122                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean    90.608018                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   176.644714                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127       806702     76.43%     76.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255       103087      9.77%     86.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        64427      6.10%     92.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511        24845      2.35%     94.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639        11325      1.07%     95.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         9524      0.90%     96.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         9626      0.91%     97.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        21635      2.05%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         4366      0.41%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total      1055537                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        42713                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     35.139255                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    24.977873                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   228.248927                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-511        42560     99.64%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023           35      0.08%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535           49      0.11%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1536-2047           27      0.06%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2559            3      0.01%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2560-3071           10      0.02%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3583            3      0.01%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::3584-4095            3      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4607            3      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            4      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            2      0.00%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            3      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            3      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::11776-12287            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::14336-14847            3      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::15360-15871            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        42713                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        42713                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.056049                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.052900                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.330088                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16           41513     97.19%     97.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::17               9      0.02%     97.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18            1188      2.78%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::19               3      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        42713                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 21884342219                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            49954929719                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                7485490000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    14617.84                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               33367.84                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                       52.48                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       24.04                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                    52.61                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    24.06                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.60                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     25.46                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  865493                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 261871                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                57.81                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               38.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    834790.76                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   51.64                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy              4031422920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy              2199685125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy             5890661400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy            2232048960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy        119467863840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy        527321006325                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy        634897349250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          1296040037820                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           708.567311                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1051246596251                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF  60963760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 713474995999                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy              3959799480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy              2160604875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy             5816460000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy            2211948000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy        119467863840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy        525533255190                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy        636465552000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          1295615483385                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           708.335200                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1054015983250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF  60963760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 710709011750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     95923776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          95923776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     44024576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       44024576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3      1498809                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total            1498809                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       687884                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            687884                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     52541200                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total             52541200                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     24113980                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            24113980                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3     76655180                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total            76655180                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                    1498809                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    687884                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                  1498809                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  687884                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              95693376                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                 230400                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               43997056                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               95923776                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            44024576                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                  3600                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                  413                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            97530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            94842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            92681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            91991                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            92083                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            93228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            93898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            94064                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            94296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            92493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           93041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           93424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           93734                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           92970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           92332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           92602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            46102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            44032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            42645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            41726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            42209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            42371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            42919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            43253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            43434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            42465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           42451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           41982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           43734                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           42822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           42425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           42884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 1825681389500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6              1498809                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              687884                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                1493756                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   1448                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                  1131                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                  1150                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                 42725                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                 42842                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                 42844                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                 42836                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                 42834                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                 42830                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                 42831                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                 42829                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                 42827                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                 42827                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                 42829                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                 42826                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                 42827                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                 42827                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                 42823                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                 42823                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples      1056609                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   132.206483                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean    90.491080                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   176.809533                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127       808673     76.53%     76.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255       102927      9.74%     86.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        63895      6.05%     92.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511        24446      2.31%     94.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639        11246      1.06%     95.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         9617      0.91%     96.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         9783      0.93%     97.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        21415      2.03%     99.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         4607      0.44%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total      1056609                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        42823                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     35.005231                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    24.877351                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   240.503659                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023        42713     99.74%     99.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047           65      0.15%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2048-3071           12      0.03%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::3072-4095           10      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::4096-5119            5      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::5120-6143            4      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::6144-7167            4      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::7168-8191            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::8192-9215            4      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::10240-11263            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::13312-14335            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::14336-15359            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::24576-25599            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        42823                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        42823                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.053383                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.050379                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.322435                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16           41677     97.32%     97.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::17              10      0.02%     97.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18            1132      2.64%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::19               4      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        42823                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 21827610972                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            49862779722                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                7476045000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    14598.37                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               33348.37                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                       52.42                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       24.10                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                    52.54                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    24.11                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.60                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     25.44                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  863152                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 262903                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                57.73                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               38.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    834905.22                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   51.59                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy              4024566000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy              2195943750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy             5866185000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy            2237265360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy        119467863840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy        526830084135                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy        635327982750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          1295949890835                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           708.518026                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1051988916250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF  60963760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 712732824500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy              3974896800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy              2168842500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy             5826303600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy            2217436560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy        119467863840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy        524881299735                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy        637037442750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          1295574085785                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           708.312567                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1054995951500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF  60963760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 709729043500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      3652906022                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    2740175                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                      5590229                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              5485657                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  3476                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     151350                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       393285                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     5485657                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         3476                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           11163532                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           4478078                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                5575                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes               2717                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             3050079                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes            1768602                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      1337940                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     820869                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    517071                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              3636248152.015338                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              16657869.984662                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.004560                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.995440                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           592441                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                68588      1.23%      1.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  4153550     74.30%     75.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    7718      0.14%     75.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    20094      0.36%     76.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                   2558      0.05%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                     16      0.00%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  820869     14.68%     90.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 517071      9.25%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                   5590464                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      3648665722                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   13957141                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     25118562                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             24860565                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                  9971                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     513191                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      1811805                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    24860565                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                         9971                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           49657129                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          20527757                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads               16399                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes               7926                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads            14676151                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           10133055                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      5352228                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    3357622                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   1994606                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              3589919418.339854                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              58746303.660146                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.016101                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.983899                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          2467670                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                82554      0.33%      0.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 19615646     78.09%     78.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   41917      0.17%     78.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                    18907      0.08%     78.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                   7524      0.03%     78.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                     16      0.00%     78.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 3357622     13.37%     92.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                1994606      7.94%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  25118792                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      3654673120                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    4314715                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      8459357                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              8328721                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                 16122                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     182716                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       641739                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     8328721                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                        16122                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           16628574                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           6757115                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads               26170                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes              12748                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             4534640                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            2838275                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      1896203                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                    1133667                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    762536                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              3632522495.087903                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              22150624.912097                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.006061                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.993939                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           918549                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                73065      0.86%      0.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  6446700     76.20%     77.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    8580      0.10%     77.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    23042      0.27%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                  12050      0.14%     77.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                     48      0.00%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                 1133667     13.40%     90.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 762536      9.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   8459688                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      3652004173                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                  719004696                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                   1067866921                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses            467323815                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses             708859008                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     970252                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts     11094183                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                   467323815                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                    708859008                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads          978937182                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes         346456647                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads          1593870070                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes          654328234                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads           113443164                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes          202617802                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                    130236577                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                   75941891                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                  54294686                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              62737270.069710                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              3589266902.930290                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.982821                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.017179                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                         12393396                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass               333181      0.03%      0.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                433888556     40.63%     40.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   89612      0.01%     40.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                     3101      0.00%     40.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd              503332514     47.13%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                     16      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                75941891      7.11%     94.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite               54294686      5.08%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                1067883557                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 3230                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                3230                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                3703                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               3703                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               272                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              272                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          120                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          122                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          122                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          120                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          484                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          468                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1508                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1076                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3060                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          494                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          842                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1082                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2430                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           80                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          956                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         4584                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1084                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         6720                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          470                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           90                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1120                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1716                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   14410                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          244                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          244                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          754                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3858                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          988                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          421                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2164                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3597                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           46                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         2292                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         6450                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          940                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           45                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3279                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    18152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                80500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy              1916982                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             4528000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             1357495                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             1354994                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             1352493                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             1496751                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              357998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             2481000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             1927500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             5573000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             1303500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages            2                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes         8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs            2                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  8                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  79                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples              255437072                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.857874                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 2.475432                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |   228111036     89.30%     89.30% |    27318683     10.69%    100.00% |        7262      0.00%    100.00% |          81      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                255437072                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   2479705525                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000694                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2479704330    100.00%    100.00% |        1195      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   2479705525                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     2479705525                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.944877                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.067052                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev        11.505935                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  2479152956     99.98%     99.98% |      362845      0.01%     99.99% |      182909      0.01%    100.00% |        3929      0.00%    100.00% |        2636      0.00%    100.00% |         216      0.00%    100.00% |          34      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       2479705525                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   2433207632                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2433207632    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   2433207632                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     46497893                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    51.389746                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    31.851058                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    67.591294                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |    45945324     98.81%     98.81% |      362845      0.78%     99.59% |      182909      0.39%     99.99% |        3929      0.01%     99.99% |        2636      0.01%    100.00% |         216      0.00%    100.00% |          34      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     46497893                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1286823                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        55723                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1342546                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits      3572389                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses        60994                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3633383                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits      5166927                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses       189978                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      5356905                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits     18236164                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses        52199                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses     18288363                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles             3                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1838312                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses        65345                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1903657                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits      5631470                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        61506                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses      5692976                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits    144290489                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses     22833910                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    167124399                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits   1050390030                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        61119                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses   1050451149                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits     17358309                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses      6022465                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses     23380774                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            69                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     0.011357                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Control::0       116717                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::2        58665                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::1       126231                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::1        81103                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::2        48639                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        13875                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         9279                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9179                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Control::0       933736                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       469320                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      9088632                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       648824                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       389112                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       999000                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       668088                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        73432                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized     0.028818                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Control::0       242177                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Request_Control::2        58882                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Data::1       252876                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Control::1       209257                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Control::2       182740                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       124803                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         9116                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        34770                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Control::0      1937416                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       471056                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     18207072                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1674056                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1461920                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      8985816                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       656352                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       278160                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized     0.012208                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Control::0       126851                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::2        52431                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Data::1       133403                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::1        79215                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::2        57050                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        20060                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         8163                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        12805                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Control::0      1014808                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       419448                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      9605016                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       633720                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       456400                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1444320                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       587736                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       102440                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized     2.779259                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Control::0     22895029                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Request_Control::2        46070                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Data::1     22898616                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::1     22848263                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::2     22823078                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0     13543953                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         7409                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      9262215                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Control::0    183160232                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       368560                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1   1648700352                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    182786104                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2    182584624                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    975164616                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       533448                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     74097720                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     3.471303                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Control::0     29380404                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::2       134434                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::1     32116155                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::1     32380274                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::2     23111507                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0     13702691                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        33967                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      9318969                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Control::0    235043232                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1075472                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1   2312363160                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    259042192                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2    184892056                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    986593752                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      2445624                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     74551752                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.161177                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Control::0      1502191                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2192584                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2305253                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           34                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Control::0     12017528                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    157866048                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     18442024                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          272                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.160615                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Control::0      1497843                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2184488                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2300327                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Control::0     11982744                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    157283136                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     18402616                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.160831                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Control::0      1500787                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2186961                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2306612                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Control::0     12006296                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    157461192                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     18452896                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.160760                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Control::0      1498809                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2186661                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2301010                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Control::0     11990472                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    157439592                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     18408080                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.000002                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          130                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         1040                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.631535                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Control::0     29380404                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Request_Control::2       216048                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::1     32138992                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::1     32405657                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::2     23111507                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0     13702691                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        33967                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      9319099                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Control::0    235043232                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1728384                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1   2314007424                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    259245256                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2    184892056                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    986593752                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      2445624                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     74552792                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        88141212                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control       566530                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     96416969                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control    166551492                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data     41209974                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     27957681                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control        705129696                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control      4532240                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   6942021768                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control   1332411936                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data   2967118128                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    223661448                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     0.015148                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        58665                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       112046                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        39146                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       469320                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      8067312                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       313168                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     0.007566                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       116717                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        14185                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        41957                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        48639                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        13875                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         9279                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9179                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       933736                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1021320                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       335656                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       389112                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       999000                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       668088                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        73432                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization     0.032639                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        58882                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       239810                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       166401                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       471056                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     17266320                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1331208                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization     0.024996                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       242177                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        13066                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        42856                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       182740                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       124803                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         9116                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        34770                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      1937416                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       940752                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       342848                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1461920                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      8985816                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       656352                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       278160                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization     0.016623                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        52431                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       124623                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        39905                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       419448                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      8972856                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       319240                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization     0.007792                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       126851                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         8780                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        39310                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        57050                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        20060                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         8163                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        12805                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      1014808                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       632160                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       314480                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       456400                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1444320                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       587736                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       102440                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization     3.134354                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        46070                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1     22892753                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1     22813133                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       368560                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1   1648278216                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    182505064                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization     2.424163                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0     22895029                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5863                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        35130                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2     22823078                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0     13543953                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         7409                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      9262215                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0    183160232                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       422136                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       281040                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2    182584624                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    975164616                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       533448                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     74097720                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     3.282675                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0     23380774                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      6018696                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      6116003                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2     23111507                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0     13702691                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        33967                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      9318969                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0    187046192                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    433346112                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     48928024                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2    184892056                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    986593752                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      2445624                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     74551752                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     3.659930                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      5999630                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2       134434                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1     26097459                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1     26264271                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     47997040                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1075472                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1   1879017048                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    210114168                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.116712                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      1502191                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       690391                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       807430                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           34                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     12017528                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     49708152                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6459440                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          272                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.205643                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1502193                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1497823                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    108157896                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     11982584                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.116183                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      1497843                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       686645                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       806841                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     11982744                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     49438440                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6454728                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.205048                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1497843                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1493486                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    107844696                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     11947888                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.116211                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      1500787                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       686174                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       810219                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     12006296                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     49404528                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6481752                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.205450                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1500787                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1496393                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    108056664                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     11971144                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.116341                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      1498809                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       687852                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       806579                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     11990472                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     49525344                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6452632                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.205180                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1498809                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1494431                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    107914248                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     11955448                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000002                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000002                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          130                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         1040                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.015148                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        58665                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       112046                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        39146                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       469320                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      8067312                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       313168                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.032639                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        58882                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       239810                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       166401                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       471056                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     17266320                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1331208                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.link_utilization     0.016623                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Request_Control::2        52431                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::1       124623                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::1        39905                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       419448                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      8972856                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       319240                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.link_utilization     3.134354                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Request_Control::2        46070                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::1     22892753                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::1     22813133                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       368560                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1   1648278216                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    182505064                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.link_utilization     3.282675                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Control::0     23380774                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::1      6018696                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::1      6116003                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::2     23111507                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0     13702691                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        33967                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      9318969                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::0    187046192                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    433346112                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     48928024                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2    184892056                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    986593752                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      2445624                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     74551752                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.link_utilization     0.116712                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Control::0      1502191                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::1       690391                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::1       807430                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           34                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::0     12017528                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     49708152                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6459440                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          272                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.link_utilization     0.116183                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Control::0      1497843                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1       686645                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::1       806841                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Control::0     11982744                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     49438440                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6454728                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.link_utilization     0.116211                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Control::0      1500787                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::1       686174                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Control::1       810219                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Control::0     12006296                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     49404528                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6481752                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.link_utilization     0.116341                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Control::0      1498809                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1       687852                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::1       806579                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Control::0     11990472                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     49525344                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6452632                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.link_utilization     0.000002                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle10.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples     138399353                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         1.578601                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        3.185655                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |   111115521     80.29%     80.29% |    27276577     19.71%     99.99% |        7164      0.01%    100.00% |          81      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total       138399353                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples     116632039                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.005618                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.181019                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |   116472374     99.86%     99.86% |       92963      0.08%     99.94% |        8739      0.01%     99.95% |       15759      0.01%     99.96% |       41531      0.04%    100.00% |         506      0.00%    100.00% |          60      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |          63      0.00%    100.00% |          35      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total       116632039                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        405680                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.000104                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.014389                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |      405659     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |          21      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          405680                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    180525981                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       7.782889                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.648921                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     28.712135                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   180282690     99.87%     99.87% |      146177      0.08%     99.95% |       93786      0.05%    100.00% |        2107      0.00%    100.00% |        1061      0.00%    100.00% |         132      0.00%    100.00% |          28      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     180525981                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    154134820                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   154134820    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    154134820                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     26391161                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    47.397647                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    30.600803                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    61.653060                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |    26147870     99.08%     99.08% |      146177      0.55%     99.63% |       93786      0.36%     99.99% |        2107      0.01%    100.00% |        1061      0.00%    100.00% |         132      0.00%    100.00% |          28      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     26391161                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples    112027032                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean      10.701084                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.827807                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     37.723168                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |   111723357     99.73%     99.73% |      212552      0.19%     99.92% |       87695      0.08%    100.00% |        1780      0.00%    100.00% |        1560      0.00%    100.00% |          82      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total     112027032                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     92905031                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    92905031    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     92905031                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     19122001                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    57.834202                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    34.239699                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    75.220679                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |    18818326     98.41%     98.41% |      212552      1.11%     99.52% |       87695      0.46%     99.98% |        1780      0.01%     99.99% |        1560      0.01%    100.00% |          82      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     19122001                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   2134614518                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.008685                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000629                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.114466                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  2134609925    100.00%    100.00% |        3401      0.00%    100.00% |        1142      0.00%    100.00% |          35      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   2134614518                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   2134207377                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2134207377    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   2134207377                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       407141                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.537153                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    26.962510                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    66.623467                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      402548     98.87%     98.87% |        3401      0.84%     99.71% |        1142      0.28%     99.99% |          35      0.01%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       407141                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples     51433726                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.233644                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.031759                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.564424                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |    51424277     99.98%     99.98% |        8599      0.02%    100.00% |         303      0.00%    100.00% |         304      0.00%    100.00% |         171      0.00%    100.00% |          64      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total     51433726                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     50898181                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    50898181    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     50898181                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       535545                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    23.439119                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    20.140375                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    26.868745                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      526096     98.24%     98.24% |        8599      1.61%     99.84% |         303      0.06%     99.90% |         304      0.06%     99.95% |         171      0.03%     99.99% |          64      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       535545                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       552134                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     3.152305                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.271979                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    12.966095                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      550352     99.68%     99.68% |        1622      0.29%     99.97% |          66      0.01%     99.98% |          42      0.01%     99.99% |          34      0.01%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       552134                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       510089                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      510089    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       510089                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        42045                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    29.264027                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    23.552112                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    38.337339                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       40263     95.76%     95.76% |        1622      3.86%     99.62% |          66      0.16%     99.78% |          42      0.10%     99.88% |          34      0.08%     99.96% |          17      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        42045                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       552134                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      552134    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       552134                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       552134                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      552134    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       552134                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |     1502191     25.04%     25.04% |     1497843     24.97%     50.00% |     1500787     25.01%     75.02% |     1498809     24.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      5999630                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      690391     25.10%     25.10% |      686645     24.96%     50.05% |      686174     24.94%     75.00% |      687852     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total      2751062                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |     1502191     25.04%     25.04% |     1497843     24.97%     50.00% |     1500787     25.01%     75.02% |     1498809     24.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      5999630                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      690423     25.10%     25.10% |      686677     24.96%     50.05% |      686206     24.94%     75.00% |      687884     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      2751190                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |          32     25.00%     25.00% |          32     25.00%     50.00% |          32     25.00%     75.00% |          32     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      807430     24.99%     24.99% |      806841     24.97%     49.96% |      810219     25.08%     75.04% |      806579     24.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total      3231069                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |     1502191     25.04%     25.04% |     1497843     24.97%     50.00% |     1500787     25.01%     75.02% |     1498809     24.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      5999630                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |          32     25.00%     25.00% |          32     25.00%     50.00% |          32     25.00%     75.00% |          32     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |          32     25.00%     25.00% |          32     25.00%     50.00% |          32     25.00%     75.00% |          32     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      690389     25.10%     25.10% |      686645     24.96%     50.05% |      686174     24.94%     75.00% |      687852     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total      2751060                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      807430     24.99%     24.99% |      806841     24.97%     49.96% |      810219     25.08%     75.04% |      806579     24.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total      3231069                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |     1502191     25.04%     25.04% |     1497843     24.97%     50.00% |     1500787     25.01%     75.02% |     1498809     24.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      5999630                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      690389     25.10%     25.10% |      686645     24.96%     50.05% |      686174     24.94%     75.00% |      687852     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total      2751060                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total            2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total          128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total              2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total             128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total            2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total          128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total          128                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |      766681      0.83%      0.83% |     3026087      3.29%      4.12% |     1082484      1.18%      5.30% |    87155230     94.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     92030482                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     3633383      0.34%      0.34% |    18288363      1.70%      2.03% |     5692977      0.53%      2.56% |  1050451149     97.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total   1078065872                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |      575865      0.69%      0.69% |     2330818      2.78%      3.47% |      821173      0.98%      4.45% |    79969169     95.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     83697025                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       51236     26.52%     26.52% |       51972     26.90%     53.41% |       47473     24.57%     77.98% |       42539     22.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total       193220                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |       71538      0.31%      0.31% |      202205      0.87%      1.18% |       85861      0.37%      1.55% |    22865449     98.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total     23225053                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |         673     17.89%     17.89% |         754     20.04%     37.93% |        1136     30.20%     68.13% |        1199     31.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         3762                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        6756     35.43%     35.43% |        6156     32.29%     67.72% |        3822     20.05%     87.77% |        2332     12.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        19066                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |         572     21.99%     21.99% |         464     17.84%     39.83% |         885     34.03%     73.86% |         680     26.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total         2601                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |       22607      0.17%      0.17% |      117903      0.89%      1.06% |       29061      0.22%      1.28% |    13035197     98.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total     13204768                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |        3773     19.79%     19.79% |        3512     18.42%     38.21% |        6447     33.81%     72.02% |        5334     27.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        19066                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |       85094      0.84%      0.84% |      117931      1.16%      2.00% |       88230      0.87%      2.87% |     9851542     97.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total     10142797                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |       10849     47.62%     47.62% |        3997     17.54%     65.17% |        3927     17.24%     82.40% |        4009     17.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total        22782                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        5243     37.07%     37.07% |        2831     20.02%     57.09% |        3113     22.01%     79.10% |        2956     20.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        14143                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |       23054      0.10%      0.10% |      159573      0.69%      0.79% |       32865      0.14%      0.94% |    22806168     99.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total     23021660                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |       24140      0.18%      0.18% |      118266      0.89%      1.08% |       32386      0.24%      1.32% |    13049893     98.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total     13224685                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |       37235     24.33%     24.33% |       32248     21.07%     45.40% |       41525     27.13%     72.54% |       42026     27.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       153034                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |       10368      0.11%      0.11% |       51691      0.52%      0.63% |       12506      0.13%      0.76% |     9773530     99.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      9848095                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |        4823     16.12%     16.12% |        8567     28.63%     44.75% |        4661     15.58%     60.33% |       11871     39.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        29922                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        9324     28.60%     28.60% |       10387     31.86%     60.47% |       11417     35.02%     95.49% |        1470      4.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total        32598                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |       23759     28.70%     28.70% |       19951     24.10%     52.80% |       19981     24.14%     76.94% |       19093     23.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total        82784                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |        7219     25.75%     25.75% |        7267     25.92%     51.67% |        6808     24.28%     75.96% |        6741     24.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total        28035                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        7049     30.32%     30.32% |        6203     26.68%     57.00% |        5599     24.08%     81.08% |        4398     18.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        23249                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      106846     16.54%     16.54% |      266427     41.24%     57.77% |      158336     24.51%     82.28% |      114492     17.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       646101                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     3572389      0.33%      0.33% |    18236164      1.69%      2.02% |     5631470      0.52%      2.55% |  1050390030     97.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total   1077830053                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        4672     40.47%     40.47% |        2367     20.51%     60.98% |        2228     19.30%     80.28% |        2276     19.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total        11543                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |       32569     28.17%     28.17% |       30158     26.08%     54.25% |       30443     26.33%     80.59% |       22447     19.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total       115617                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |       41435     23.00%     23.00% |       36429     20.22%     43.22% |       47397     26.31%     69.53% |       54883     30.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       180144                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |      137287      0.22%      0.22% |      434039      0.70%      0.92% |      212547      0.34%      1.27% |    61178619     98.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total     61962492                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |        5865      0.15%      0.15% |       74905      1.94%      2.09% |        9775      0.25%      2.35% |     3770586     97.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total      3861131                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        4564     33.28%     33.28% |        4131     30.12%     63.41% |        4206     30.67%     94.08% |         812      5.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total        13713                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |        9179      0.10%      0.10% |       34770      0.37%      0.47% |       12805      0.14%      0.61% |     9262215     99.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total      9318969                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX |         130     10.86%     10.86% |         164     13.70%     24.56% |         321     26.82%     51.38% |         582     48.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX::total         1197                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |        2516     26.20%     26.20% |        4263     44.40%     70.60% |        1965     20.46%     91.06% |         858      8.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total         9602                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |      489084      3.03%      3.03% |     2196968     13.59%     16.62% |      667798      4.13%     20.75% |    12810756     79.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     16164606                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |      547741      0.78%      0.78% |     2194588      3.14%      3.92% |      789856      1.13%      5.05% |    66416036     94.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     69948221                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |        9279     27.32%     27.32% |        9116     26.84%     54.16% |        8163     24.03%     78.19% |        7409     21.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total        33967                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |       13875      0.10%      0.10% |      124803      0.91%      1.01% |       20060      0.15%      1.16% |    13543953     98.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total     13702691                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |         543     21.17%     21.17% |         590     23.00%     44.17% |         815     31.77%     75.95% |         617     24.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total         2565                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |        4240     44.80%     44.80% |        1893     20.00%     64.80% |        1857     19.62%     84.43% |        1474     15.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total         9464                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |       22607      0.17%      0.17% |      117903      0.89%      1.06% |       29061      0.22%      1.28% |    13035197     98.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total     13204768                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |        3773     19.79%     19.79% |        3512     18.42%     38.21% |        6447     33.81%     72.02% |        5334     27.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        19066                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |       68078     25.28%     25.28% |       59437     22.07%     47.36% |       69801     25.92%     73.28% |       71951     26.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       269267                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |         572     21.99%     21.99% |         464     17.84%     39.83% |         885     34.03%     73.86% |         680     26.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total         2601                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |       17016      0.17%      0.17% |       58494      0.59%      0.76% |       18429      0.19%      0.95% |     9779591     99.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      9873530                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv    |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |       10846     47.61%     47.61% |        3997     17.55%     65.16% |        3927     17.24%     82.40% |        4009     17.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total        22779                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |        5243     37.07%     37.07% |        2831     20.02%     57.09% |        3113     22.01%     79.10% |        2956     20.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total        14143                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |       23054      0.10%      0.10% |      159573      0.69%      0.79% |       32865      0.14%      0.94% |    22806168     99.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total     23021660                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR       235819      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS       13257524      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX        9876133      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE        11543      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX       23021660      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement      2719803      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean      3262326      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data       5999630      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack        5982131      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data          43431      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean         9602      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack              70375      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all          63495      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock          19066      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock     23092441      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv              4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR        47121      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS      3234061      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX      2718448      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR       188678      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS        33435      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX         2602      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE        11542      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement          992      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean        48790      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR           19      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS      9970714      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX      7151319      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement      2715697      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean      3168972      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS        19066      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX         3762      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX     23021660      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement         3114      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean        44564      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack      5982131      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data         2710      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all          406      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data        31257      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all        13307      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack          69195      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all        48790      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack           1180      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all          992      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS            7      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data      3234054      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data        47128      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data      2718448      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS           74      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_UPGRADE            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock        14144      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS          163      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock     23078297      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data         9449      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean         9580      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock           37      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data           15      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean           22      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock        19029      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
