
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  3.593739                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                3593739436000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               54832329154001                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 127692                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   217464                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              227095357                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1876888                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 15824.80                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2020699486                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3441322300                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0       310912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            310912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0        50240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total          50240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0         4858                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               4858                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0          785                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total               785                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0        86515                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total                86515                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0        13980                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total               13980                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0       100495                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total              100495                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                       4858                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                       785                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                     4858                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                     785                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                310720                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                    192                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                  48512                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                 310912                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys               50240                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     3                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    2                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0              460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1              366                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2              412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3              324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4              323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5              353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6              301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7              247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8              317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9              171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10             215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11             337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12             224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13             190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14             242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15             373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0              133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1               97                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8               18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9               49                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11              34                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12              80                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13             128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14              97                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15              84                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 3593741683500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                 4858                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                 785                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                   4845                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                     10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                    43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                    43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                    43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                    43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                    43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                    43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                    43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                    43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                    44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                    43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                    42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                    42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                    42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                    42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                    42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                    42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                    42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                    42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples         1787                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   201.025182                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   118.202180                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   269.087473                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1062     59.43%     59.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255          354     19.81%     79.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383          109      6.10%     85.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511           46      2.57%     87.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639           27      1.51%     89.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767           26      1.45%     90.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895           29      1.62%     92.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           37      2.07%     94.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           97      5.43%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total         1787                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples           42                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean    207.214286                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   776.717437                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-255           38     90.48%     90.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            1      2.38%     92.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791            1      2.38%     95.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            1      2.38%     97.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1      2.38%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total           42                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples           42                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     18.047619                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.045211                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.308607                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18              41     97.62%     97.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20               1      2.38%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total           42                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                    41797500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat              132828750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                  24275000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                     8609.17                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               27359.17                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.09                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.01                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.09                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.01                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     31.01                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                    3149                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                    677                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                64.86                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               86.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                 636849492.03                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   67.86                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                12897360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                 7037250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy               35287200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy               1632960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        234948108720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy         80385202755                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        2087774579250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          2403164745495                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           668.075300                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3471508808500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF 120003000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2231865250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                12247200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                 6682500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy               32978400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy               3278880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        234948108720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy         80118871110                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        2088008203500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          2403130370310                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           668.065744                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3471963890750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF 120003000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1776783000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1       277504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total            277504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1        48384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total          48384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1         4336                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total               4336                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1          756                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total               756                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1        77219                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total                77219                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1        13463                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total               13463                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1        90682                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total               90682                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                       4336                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                       756                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                     4336                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                     756                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                277376                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                    128                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                  46336                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                 277504                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys               48384                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     2                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    2                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0              405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1              318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2              385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3              305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4              310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5              313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6              273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7              221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8              267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9              145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10             215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11             324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12             208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13             145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14             187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15             313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1               96                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9               48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11              32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12              80                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13             128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14              96                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15              81                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 3593739509500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                 4336                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                 756                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                   4325                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                    42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                    42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                    40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                    40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                    40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples         1560                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   207.507692                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   118.619560                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   280.965628                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127          945     60.58%     60.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255          285     18.27%     78.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383           82      5.26%     84.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511           39      2.50%     86.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639           23      1.47%     88.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767           29      1.86%     89.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895           27      1.73%     91.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           33      2.12%     93.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           97      6.22%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total         1560                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples           40                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean    165.550000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   729.845574                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-255           38     95.00%     95.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            1      2.50%     97.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1      2.50%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total           40                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples           40                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     18.100000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.095075                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.441443                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18              38     95.00%     95.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20               2      5.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total           40                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                    36314250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              117576750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                  21670000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                     8378.92                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               27128.92                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.08                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.01                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.08                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.01                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     24.79                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                    2841                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                    657                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                65.55                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               87.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                 705761883.25                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   68.75                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                12126240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                 6616500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy               33212400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy               1568160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        234948108720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy         80354941740                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        2087801124000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          2403157697760                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           668.073341                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3471550833250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF 120003000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2185676250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                11483640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                 6265875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy               31090800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy               3123360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        234948108720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy         80123863455                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        2088003824250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          2403127760100                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           668.065019                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3472023101000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF 120003000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1717572750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2       271296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total            271296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2        48128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total          48128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2         4239                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total               4239                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2          752                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total               752                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2        75491                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total                75491                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2        13392                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total               13392                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2        88883                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total               88883                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                       4239                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                       752                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                     4239                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                     752                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                271232                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                     64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                  46272                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                 271296                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys               48128                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                     1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0              410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1              295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2              371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3              310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4              302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5              306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6              260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7              211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8              257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9              149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10             191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11             306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12             218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13             146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14             190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15             316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1               96                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5                1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9               48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10              14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11              32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12              80                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13             129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14              97                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15              66                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 3593739227500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                 4239                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6                 752                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                   4232                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                    43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                    40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                    40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                    40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples         1459                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   217.705278                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   123.104005                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   290.380703                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127          854     58.53%     58.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255          275     18.85%     77.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383           86      5.89%     83.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511           35      2.40%     85.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639           19      1.30%     86.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767           26      1.78%     88.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895           32      2.19%     90.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           31      2.12%     93.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          101      6.92%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total         1459                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples           40                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean    162.800000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   722.458381                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-255           37     92.50%     92.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            1      2.50%     95.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            1      2.50%     97.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1      2.50%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total           40                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples           40                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     18.075000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.071886                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.349908                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18              38     95.00%     95.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::19               1      2.50%     97.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::20               1      2.50%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total           40                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                    33468750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              112931250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                  21190000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                     7897.30                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               26647.30                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        0.08                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.01                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     0.08                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.01                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     18.23                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                    2846                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                    657                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                67.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               87.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                 720043924.56                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   70.20                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                11634840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                 6348375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy               32643000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy               1561680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy        234948108720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy         80346720915                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy        2087808335250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          2403155352780                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           668.072689                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3471562663000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF 120003000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2179013500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                11324880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                 6179250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy               30825600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy               3123360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy        234948108720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy         80079837795                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy        2088042451500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          2403121851105                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           668.063373                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3472028271250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF 120003000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1712096250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3       271616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total            271616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3        47936                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total          47936                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3         4244                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total               4244                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3          749                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total               749                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3        75580                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total                75580                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3        13339                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total               13339                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3        88919                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total               88919                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                       4244                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                       749                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                     4244                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                     749                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                271616                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                  46400                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                 271616                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys               47936                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0              415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1              318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2              363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3              309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4              303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5              293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6              246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7              210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8              259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9              139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10             201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11             308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12             222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13             151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14             186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15             321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1               96                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5                1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9               48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11              32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12              80                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13             129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14              96                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15              67                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 3593744600500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                 4244                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6                 749                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                   4233                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                     11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                    42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                    43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                    40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                    40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                    40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                    40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                    40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                    40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                    40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                    40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                    40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples         1455                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   218.611684                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   123.878577                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   289.579950                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127          849     58.35%     58.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255          266     18.28%     76.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383           97      6.67%     83.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511           37      2.54%     85.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639           16      1.10%     86.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767           30      2.06%     89.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895           30      2.06%     91.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           30      2.06%     93.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          100      6.87%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total         1455                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples           40                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean    198.900000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   838.610872                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-255           37     92.50%     92.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            1      2.50%     95.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            1      2.50%     97.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1      2.50%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total           40                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples           40                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     18.125000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.119550                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.463404                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18              37     92.50%     92.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::19               1      2.50%     95.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::20               2      5.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total           40                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                    31120500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              110695500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                  21220000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                     7332.82                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               26082.82                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        0.08                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.01                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     0.08                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.01                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     32.67                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                    2855                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                    660                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                67.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               88.12                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                 719756579.31                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   70.40                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                11340000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                 6187500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy               32315400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy               1561680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy        234948108720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy         80425999080                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy        2087738793000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          2403164305380                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           668.075178                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3471466630000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF 120003000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2275063500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                11264400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                 6146250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy               30927000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy               3136320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy        234948108720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy         80084107665                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy        2088038697750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          2403122388105                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           668.063525                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3472057602000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF 120003000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1683071750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      7187944460                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   19514322                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     34593259                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             29194244                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses               8399337                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     612083                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      2055100                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    29194244                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                      8399337                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           56356725                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          22225076                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads            14064330                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes            7474281                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            14155088                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           10440650                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      7742520                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    5749699                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   1992821                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              7115727701.273019                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              72216758.726981                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.010047                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.989953                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          2822942                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass               120499      0.35%      0.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 22860522     66.08%     66.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  213667      0.62%     67.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    37887      0.11%     67.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                3618219     10.46%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 5749699     16.62%     94.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                1992821      5.76%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  34593314                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      7188303052                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                 1994016735                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                   3391960583                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses           2756622299                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses            1010088517                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                   49907295                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts    199772904                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                  2756622299                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                   1010088517                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         5216406878                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes        2051834502                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads          1701898740                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes          899765659                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads          1288191097                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes         1039074746                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    738021535                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                  571676068                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                 166345467                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              63755425.923695                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              7124547626.076304                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.991131                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.008869                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                        261084317                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass              1505652      0.04%      0.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu               2188564191     64.52%     64.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                24039730      0.71%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                   210263      0.01%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd              439619365     12.96%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead               571676068     16.85%     95.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite              166345467      4.90%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                3391960736                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      7183127256                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    2571037                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      5543897                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              5421770                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     152319                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       391534                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     5421770                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           11011736                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           4500496                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             3129480                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            1647730                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      1318590                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     821721                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    496869                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              7172356653.950942                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              10770602.049057                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.001499                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.998501                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           593137                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass               103940      1.87%      1.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  4073514     73.48%     75.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   11297      0.20%     75.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    36562      0.66%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  821721     14.82%     91.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 496869      8.96%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   5543903                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      7190322316                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    3213514                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      6674201                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              6545714                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1952                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     171773                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       489337                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     6545714                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                         1952                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           13289680                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           5397475                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                3276                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes               1552                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             3733421                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            2052330                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      1576171                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                     978484                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    597687                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              7176497268.827418                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              13825047.172582                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.001923                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.998077                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                           718895                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass               101545      1.52%      1.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  4944376     74.08%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   14953      0.22%     75.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    35789      0.54%     76.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   1456      0.02%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                  978484     14.66%     91.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 597687      8.96%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   6674290                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  111                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 111                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                3722                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               3722                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq                16                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp               16                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          114                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1824                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1950                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1822                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1850                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1818                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1834                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          174                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1820                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2050                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    7698                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           66                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3738                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3644                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3679                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3636                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3650                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           26                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           87                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3773                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    14868                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy               162500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                20497                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy              113000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             2287994                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             2238481                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             2274998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             2279998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy               10996                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1451000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             1389500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             1377500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             1556000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            1                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes         4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           45                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes       184320                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           45                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   3588668772                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000249                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  3588668549    100.00%    100.00% |         223      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   3588668772                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     3588668772                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.011811                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.002614                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         0.455226                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  3588667777    100.00%    100.00% |         765      0.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |          38      0.00%    100.00% |         148      0.00%    100.00% |          26      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       3588668772                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   3588559015                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean      1.010412                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.002500                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.322506                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |  3584822651     99.90%     99.90% |           0      0.00%     99.90% |           0      0.00%     99.90% |           0      0.00%     99.90% |           0      0.00%     99.90% |     3736364      0.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   3588559015                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       109757                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.742650                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    41.108031                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    35.828584                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |      108762     99.09%     99.09% |         765      0.70%     99.79% |          18      0.02%     99.81% |          38      0.03%     99.84% |         148      0.13%     99.98% |          26      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       109757                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.incomplete_times_seqr           13                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits      7690635                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        52949                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      7743584                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits     27188504                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses        58555                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses     27247059                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        83813                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        27691                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       111504                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits    735605730                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses      2419250                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    738024980                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits   2803892013                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses      1181834                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses   2805073847                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits      3573096                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        27988                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses      3601084                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1290889                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses        26996                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1317885                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits      3388295                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        28589                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3416884                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        33961                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        21624                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        55585                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1538995                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        38711                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1577706                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits      4227590                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        39237                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4266827                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        45494                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        32454                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        77948                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     0.002708                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::2        27691                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::3            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::4        58353                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::4       112673                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5           14                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           38                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           38                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        85032                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        27691                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       221528                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      4201416                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       901384                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5         1008                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          304                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          304                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5          192                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       680256                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       221528                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized     0.002497                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Request_Control::2        27988                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Data::4        49856                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Control::4       127941                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5           52                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           61                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           61                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5            9                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        84735                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        27988                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       223904                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      3589632                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      1023528                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5         3744                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          488                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          488                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       677880                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       223904                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized     0.002293                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::2        21624                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::3            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Data::4        46040                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::4       110619                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        91095                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        21624                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       172992                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      3314880                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       884952                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       728760                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       172992                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized     0.002489                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Request_Control::2        32454                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Request_Control::3            5                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Data::4        48470                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::4       134024                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5            5                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        80266                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        32454                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       259632                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           40                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      3489840                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      1072192                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5           40                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       642128                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       259632                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     0.000531                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::2        33756                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::3            5                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::1           35                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::4         5073                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::4         2775                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5           30                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          755                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           56                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           56                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5           26                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        34506                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        33756                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       270048                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           40                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         2520                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       365256                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        22200                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5         2160                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6040                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          448                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          448                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5          208                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       276048                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       270048                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.000331                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::2        16254                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::3            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::1           27                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::4         4553                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::4         2746                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5            9                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          747                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5            7                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        16999                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        16254                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       130032                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         1944                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       327816                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        21968                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5          648                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         5976                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5           56                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       135992                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       130032                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.000452                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::2        28219                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::3            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::1           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::4         4463                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::4         2704                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          736                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           19                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           19                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        28949                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        28219                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       225752                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         1152                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       321336                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        21632                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5         1152                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         5888                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          152                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          152                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       231592                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       225752                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.000487                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::2        31528                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::1           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::4         4468                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::4         2704                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5           13                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          736                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           17                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           17                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        32264                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        31528                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       252224                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         1152                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       321696                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        21632                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5          936                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         5888                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          136                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          136                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       258112                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       252224                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.000023                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1           94                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         2974                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         6768                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        23792                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        23040                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.001261                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::2       109757                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::3           13                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1           94                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::4       110638                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::4       248093                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5           68                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         2974                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          108                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          108                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5           40                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       341128                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       109757                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       878056                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          104                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         6768                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      7965936                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      1984744                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5         4896                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        23792                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        23040                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          864                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          864                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5          320                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      2729024                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       878056                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control       329310                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data       332196                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control       744279                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data          204                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control        18330                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Broadcast_Control       794974                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Unblock_Control       329271                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control      2634480                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data     23918112                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control      5954232                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data        14688                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control       146640                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Broadcast_Control      6359792                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Unblock_Control      2634168                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     0.002730                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        27679                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        58309                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           38                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        85032                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1992888                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       466472                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          304                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       680256                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     0.002685                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        27691                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        30674                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4        54364                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5           14                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           38                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        27691                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       221528                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2208528                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       434912                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5         1008                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          304                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5          192                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       221528                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization     0.002795                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        27984                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        65078                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           61                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        84735                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2014848                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       520624                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          488                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       677880                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization     0.002200                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        27988                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        21872                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4        62863                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5           52                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           61                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5            9                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        27988                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       223904                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1574784                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       502904                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5         3744                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          488                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       223904                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization     0.002293                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        21622                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        43940                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        91095                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1556784                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       351520                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       728760                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization     0.002294                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        21624                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        24418                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4        66679                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        21624                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       172992                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1758096                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       533432                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       172992                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization     0.003072                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3            5                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        32386                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        69837                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        80266                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           40                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2331792                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       558696                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       642128                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization     0.001905                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        32454                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        16084                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4        64187                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5            5                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        32454                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       259632                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1158048                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       513496                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5           40                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       259632                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000512                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        33756                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4          245                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4         2775                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5           30                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          755                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           56                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5           26                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        33756                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       270048                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        17640                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        22200                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5         2160                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6040                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          448                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5          208                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       270048                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000550                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3            5                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1           35                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4         4828                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           56                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        34506                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           40                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         2520                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       347616                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          448                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       276048                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000266                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        16254                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4          242                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4         2746                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5            9                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          747                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5            7                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        16254                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       130032                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        17424                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        21968                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5          648                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         5976                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5           56                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       130032                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000395                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1           27                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4         4311                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        16999                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         1944                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       310392                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       135992                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000433                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        28219                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4          240                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4         2704                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          736                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           19                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        28219                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       225752                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        17280                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        21632                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5         1152                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         5888                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          152                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       225752                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000472                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4         4223                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           19                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        28949                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         1152                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       304056                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          152                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       231592                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000479                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        31528                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4          240                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4         2704                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5           13                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          736                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           17                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        31528                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       252224                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        17280                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        21632                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5          936                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         5888                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          136                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       252224                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000495                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4         4228                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           17                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        32264                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         1152                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       304416                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          136                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       258112                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000026                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1           94                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         6768                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        23040                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000021                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         2974                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        23792                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.002730                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        27679                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        58309                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           38                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        85032                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1992888                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       466472                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          304                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       680256                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.002795                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        27984                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4        65078                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           61                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        84735                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2014848                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       520624                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          488                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       677880                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.link_utilization     0.002293                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Request_Control::3            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::4        21622                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::4        43940                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        91095                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1556784                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       351520                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       728760                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.link_utilization     0.003072                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Request_Control::3            5                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::4        32386                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::4        69837                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        80266                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           40                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2331792                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       558696                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       642128                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.link_utilization     0.000512                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::2        33756                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::4          245                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::4         2775                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5           30                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          755                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           56                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5           26                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        33756                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       270048                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        17640                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        22200                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5         2160                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6040                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          448                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5          208                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       270048                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.link_utilization     0.000266                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::2        16254                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::4          242                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::4         2746                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5            9                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          747                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5            7                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        16254                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       130032                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        17424                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        21968                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5          648                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         5976                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5           56                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       130032                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.link_utilization     0.000433                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Request_Control::2        28219                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::4          240                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::4         2704                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          736                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           19                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        28219                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       225752                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        17280                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        21632                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5         1152                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         5888                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          152                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       225752                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.link_utilization     0.000479                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Request_Control::2        31528                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::4          240                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Control::4         2704                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5           13                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          736                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           17                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        31528                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       252224                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        17280                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        21632                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5          936                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         5888                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          136                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       252224                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.link_utilization     0.000026                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1           94                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         6768                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        23040                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    573295874                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.029945                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.006542                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      0.715397                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   573295358    100.00%    100.00% |         435      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |          36      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     573295874                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    573228276                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.025432                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.006117                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.503663                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |   571770426     99.75%     99.75% |           0      0.00%     99.75% |           0      0.00%     99.75% |           0      0.00%     99.75% |           0      0.00%     99.75% |     1457850      0.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    573228276                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        67598                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    39.294742                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    36.241187                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    26.925407                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |       67082     99.24%     99.24% |         435      0.64%     99.88% |          14      0.02%     99.90% |          19      0.03%     99.93% |          36      0.05%     99.98% |          12      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        67598                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples    169298227                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.066397                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.014337                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      1.245709                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |   169297960    100.00%    100.00% |         143      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |          95      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total     169298227                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    169275640                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.057090                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.013784                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.753420                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |   168309244     99.43%     99.43% |           0      0.00%     99.43% |           0      0.00%     99.43% |           0      0.00%     99.43% |           0      0.00%     99.43% |      966396      0.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    169275640                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        22587                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    70.818834                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    60.655967                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    50.112008                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |       22320     98.82%     98.82% |         143      0.63%     99.45% |           3      0.01%     99.46% |          14      0.06%     99.53% |          95      0.42%     99.95% |          12      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        22587                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   2840004617                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.004734                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.001110                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.243676                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  2840004423    100.00%    100.00% |         172      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   2840004617                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   2839995598                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.004575                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.001098                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.213835                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |  2838696402     99.95%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |     1299196      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   2839995598                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         9019                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    51.332853                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    43.246397                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    42.029036                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        8825     97.85%     97.85% |         172      1.91%     99.76% |           1      0.01%     99.77% |           3      0.03%     99.80% |          16      0.18%     99.98% |           2      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         9019                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      5808376                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.057441                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.008622                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.316655                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |     5808311    100.00%    100.00% |          56      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      5808376                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5802944                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.021556                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.005182                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.463787                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |     5790435     99.78%     99.78% |           0      0.00%     99.78% |           0      0.00%     99.78% |           0      0.00%     99.78% |           0      0.00%     99.78% |       12509      0.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      5802944                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         5432                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    39.392489                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    38.793580                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    12.368738                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        5367     98.80%     98.80% |          56      1.03%     99.83% |           6      0.11%     99.94% |           1      0.02%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           1      0.02%     99.98% |           1      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         5432                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       130839                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.502304                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.161690                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     7.679689                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      130776     99.95%     99.95% |          54      0.04%     99.99% |           8      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       130839                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       125718                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.032851                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.007909                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.572221                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |      125305     99.67%     99.67% |           0      0.00%     99.67% |           0      0.00%     99.67% |           0      0.00%     99.67% |           0      0.00%     99.67% |         413      0.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       125718                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         5121                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    38.576645                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    37.934677                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    12.019143                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        5058     98.77%     98.77% |          54      1.05%     99.82% |           8      0.16%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           1      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         5121                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       130839                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      130839    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       130839                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       130839                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      130839    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       130839                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples   3584822571                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  3584822571    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total   3584822571                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        92167                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    34.285395                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    34.221598                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.167320                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       92066     99.89%     99.89% |          51      0.06%     99.95% |          44      0.05%     99.99% |           6      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        92167                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::samples        92154                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::mean     1.008681                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::gmean     1.002084                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::stdev     0.294511                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request |       92074     99.91%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |          80      0.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::total        92154                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::samples        92154                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::mean     8.000901                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::gmean     8.000664                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::stdev     0.077039                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       92139     99.98%     99.98% |           5      0.01%     99.99% |           2      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           7      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::total        92154                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::samples        92154                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::mean    24.000087                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::gmean    24.000082                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::stdev     0.016138                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       92153    100.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::total        92154                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::samples        92154                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::mean     1.272989                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::stdev     2.119808                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion |       51136     55.49%     55.49% |       23440     25.44%     80.93% |        2893      3.14%     84.06% |           5      0.01%     84.07% |           3      0.00%     84.07% |           4      0.00%     84.08% |       14673     15.92%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::total        92154                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3736444                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.999786                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.999435                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.046271                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr |          80      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3736364    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      3736444                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        17590                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   112.015406                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   107.435590                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    53.960189                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       16595     94.34%     94.34% |         765      4.35%     98.69% |          18      0.10%     98.79% |          38      0.22%     99.01% |         148      0.84%     99.85% |          26      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        17590                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::samples        17590                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       17590    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::total        17590                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::samples        17590                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::mean     8.004150                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::gmean     8.003593                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::stdev     0.105211                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       17563     99.85%     99.85% |          21      0.12%     99.97% |           6      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::total        17590                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::samples        17590                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::mean    24.000171                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::gmean    24.000165                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::stdev     0.016859                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       17590    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::total        17590                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::samples        17590                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::mean    79.011086                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::gmean    73.591565                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::stdev    53.961255                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion |       11604     65.97%     65.97% |        5743     32.65%     98.62% |          11      0.06%     98.68% |           7      0.04%     98.72% |           8      0.05%     98.77% |          11      0.06%     98.83% |          14      0.08%     98.91% |          42      0.24%     99.15% |          81      0.46%     99.61% |          69      0.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::total        17590                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples    571770422                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   571770422    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total    571770422                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        63103                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    33.330555                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    33.326281                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.561797                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       63091     99.98%     99.98% |           2      0.00%     99.98% |           4      0.01%     99.99% |           6      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        63103                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1457854                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.999973                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.999928                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.016564                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           4      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1457850    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      1457854                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         4495                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   123.022914                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   117.603932                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    58.214691                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        3979     88.52%     88.52% |         435      9.68%     98.20% |          14      0.31%     98.51% |          19      0.42%     98.93% |          36      0.80%     99.73% |          12      0.27%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         4495                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples    168309189                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   168309189    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total    168309189                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        11570                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    36.901469                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    36.797667                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.750615                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       11506     99.45%     99.45% |          28      0.24%     99.69% |          36      0.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        11570                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       966451                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.999431                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.998499                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.075436                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |          55      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |      966396     99.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       966451                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        11017                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   106.438686                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   102.523115                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    51.610473                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       10750     97.58%     97.58% |         143      1.30%     98.87% |           3      0.03%     98.90% |          14      0.13%     99.03% |          95      0.86%     99.89% |          12      0.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        11017                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples   2838696402                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2838696402    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total   2838696402                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         7070                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    33.216124                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    33.213463                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.423821                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        7065     99.93%     99.93% |           5      0.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         7070                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1299196                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1299196    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      1299196                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1949                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   117.051308                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   112.665598                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    51.618730                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        1755     90.05%     90.05% |         172      8.83%     98.87% |           1      0.05%     98.92% |           3      0.15%     99.08% |          16      0.82%     99.90% |           2      0.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         1949                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5790435                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5790435    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      5790435                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         5366                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    38.289974                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    38.254856                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.599441                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        5363     99.94%     99.94% |           2      0.04%     99.98% |           1      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         5366                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        12509                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       12509    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        12509                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples           66                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   129.030303                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   120.930728                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    65.669562                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           1      1.52%      1.52% |          56     84.85%     86.36% |           6      9.09%     95.45% |           1      1.52%     96.97% |           0      0.00%     96.97% |           0      0.00%     96.97% |           1      1.52%     98.48% |           1      1.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total           66                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       125305                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      125305    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       125305                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         5058                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    37.459866                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    37.381668                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.380892                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        5036     99.57%     99.57% |          19      0.38%     99.94% |           3      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         5058                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          413                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         413    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          413                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples           63                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   128.238095                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   123.332164                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    56.538800                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          54     85.71%     85.71% |           8     12.70%     98.41% |           0      0.00%     98.41% |           0      0.00%     98.41% |           0      0.00%     98.41% |           0      0.00%     98.41% |           0      0.00%     98.41% |           1      1.59%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total           63                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       130818                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      130818    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       130818                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples           21                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          21    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total           21                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |        9357     28.23%     28.23% |        5708     17.22%     45.44% |        9124     27.52%     72.97% |        8961     27.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total        33150                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS    |       24407     31.86%     31.86% |       10547     13.77%     45.62% |       19095     24.92%     70.54% |       22568     29.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS::total        76617                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUT     |          56     51.85%     51.85% |          16     14.81%     66.67% |          19     17.59%     84.26% |          17     15.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUT::total          108                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockS |       16009     32.83%     32.83% |        6315     12.95%     45.77% |       11550     23.68%     69.46% |       14896     30.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockS::total        48770                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockM |       17747     29.10%     29.10% |        9939     16.30%     45.40% |       16669     27.33%     72.73% |       16632     27.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockM::total        60987                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Clean |          13     52.00%     52.00% |           5     20.00%     72.00% |           3     12.00%     84.00% |           4     16.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Clean::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean |          13     86.67%     86.67% |           2     13.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean::total           15                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty |          30     44.12%     44.12% |           9     13.24%     57.35% |          16     23.53%     80.88% |          13     19.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty::total           68                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          35     37.23%     37.23% |          27     28.72%     65.96% |          16     17.02%     82.98% |          16     17.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           94                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |         720     25.00%     25.00% |         720     25.00%     50.00% |         720     25.00%     75.00% |         720     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         2880                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |        4858     27.48%     27.48% |        4336     24.53%     52.01% |        4239     23.98%     75.99% |        4244     24.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total        17677                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |         785     25.81%     25.81% |         756     24.85%     50.66% |         752     24.72%     75.38% |         749     24.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total         3042                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Ack     |        2775     25.39%     25.39% |        2746     25.13%     50.52% |        2704     24.74%     75.26% |        2704     24.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Ack::total        10929                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |           2     25.00%     25.00% |           1     12.50%     37.50% |           2     25.00%     62.50% |           3     37.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total            8                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Data |         243     25.34%     25.34% |         241     25.13%     50.47% |         238     24.82%     75.29% |         237     24.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total          959                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |         755     25.39%     25.39% |         747     25.12%     50.50% |         736     24.75%     75.25% |         736     24.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total         2974                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_Unblocks |           5     38.46%     38.46% |           2     15.38%     53.85% |           6     46.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_Unblocks::total           13                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETX |        5427     30.89%     30.89% |        1776     10.11%     41.01% |        5109     29.08%     70.09% |        5254     29.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETX::total        17566                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETS |        9326     35.56%     35.56% |        3340     12.74%     48.30% |        5172     19.72%     68.02% |        8386     31.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETS::total        26224                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.PUT  |          13     52.00%     52.00% |           5     20.00%     72.00% |           3     12.00%     84.00% |           4     16.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.PUT::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.DMA_WRITE |           2     25.00%     25.00% |           1     12.50%     37.50% |           2     25.00%     62.50% |           3     37.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.DMA_WRITE::total            8                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETX |        1109     25.05%     25.05% |        1098     24.80%     49.84% |        1226     27.69%     77.53% |         995     22.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETX::total         4428                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETS |       13061     29.73%     29.73% |        5727     13.03%     42.76% |       12483     28.41%     71.17% |       12665     28.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETS::total        43936                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.PUT  |          43     51.81%     51.81% |          11     13.25%     65.06% |          16     19.28%     84.34% |          13     15.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.PUT::total           83                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.DMA_READ |           5     71.43%     71.43% |           2     28.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.DMA_READ::total            7                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.DMA_WRITE |         238     25.00%     25.00% |         239     25.11%     50.11% |         238     25.00%     75.11% |         237     24.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.DMA_WRITE::total          952                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETS  |          16     51.61%     51.61% |           4     12.90%     64.52% |           3      9.68%     74.19% |           8     25.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETS::total           31                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETX  |        2813     25.24%     25.24% |        2833     25.42%     50.65% |        2789     25.02%     75.68% |        2711     24.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETX::total        11146                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETS  |        1999     31.17%     31.17% |        1474     22.98%     54.16% |        1431     22.31%     76.47% |        1509     23.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETS::total         6413                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_READ |          30     34.48%     34.48% |          25     28.74%     63.22% |          16     18.39%     81.61% |          16     18.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_READ::total           87                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_WRITE |         480     25.00%     25.00% |         480     25.00%     50.00% |         480     25.00%     75.00% |         480     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_WRITE::total         1920                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETX |           8     80.00%     80.00% |           1     10.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           1     10.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETX::total           10                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETS |           5     38.46%     38.46% |           2     15.38%     53.85% |           6     46.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETS::total           13                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockS |       15980     32.80%     32.80% |        6308     12.95%     45.75% |       11541     23.69%     69.44% |       14887     30.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockS::total        48716                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockM |       17742     29.10%     29.10% |        9937     16.30%     45.39% |       16663     27.33%     72.72% |       16632     27.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockM::total        60974                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockS |           8     80.00%     80.00% |           1     10.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           1     10.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockS::total           10                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.UnblockM |           5     38.46%     38.46% |           2     15.38%     53.85% |           6     46.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.UnblockM::total           13                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.UnblockS |           5     38.46%     38.46% |           2     15.38%     53.85% |           6     46.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.UnblockS::total           13                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.All_Unblocks |           5     38.46%     38.46% |           2     15.38%     53.85% |           6     46.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.All_Unblocks::total           13                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B.UnblockS |          16     51.61%     51.61% |           4     12.90%     64.52% |           3      9.68%     74.19% |           8     25.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B.UnblockS::total           31                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.Memory_Data |        4812     27.40%     27.40% |        4307     24.53%     51.93% |        4220     24.03%     75.97% |        4220     24.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.Memory_Data::total        17559                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B_W.Memory_Data |          16     51.61%     51.61% |           4     12.90%     64.52% |           3      9.68%     74.19% |           8     25.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B_W.Memory_Data::total           31                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Ack |        2640     25.00%     25.00% |        2640     25.00%     50.00% |        2640     25.00%     75.00% |        2640     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Ack::total        10560                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Data |           2     25.00%     25.00% |           1     12.50%     37.50% |           2     25.00%     62.50% |           3     37.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Data::total            8                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Exclusive_Data |         238     25.00%     25.00% |         239     25.11%     50.11% |         238     25.00%     75.11% |         237     24.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Exclusive_Data::total          952                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |         720     25.00%     25.00% |         720     25.00%     50.00% |         720     25.00%     75.00% |         720     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total         2880                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Memory_Data |          30     34.48%     34.48% |          25     28.74%     63.22% |          16     18.39%     81.61% |          16     18.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Memory_Data::total           87                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Ack |         112     33.73%     33.73% |          92     27.71%     61.45% |          64     19.28%     80.72% |          64     19.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Ack::total          332                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Ack |          15     71.43%     71.43% |           6     28.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Ack::total           21                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Exclusive_Data |           5     71.43%     71.43% |           2     28.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Exclusive_Data::total            7                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |           5     71.43%     71.43% |           2     28.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total            7                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.Ack |           8     50.00%     50.00% |           8     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.Ack::total           16                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |          30     34.48%     34.48% |          25     28.74%     63.22% |          16     18.39%     81.61% |          16     18.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total           87                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_W.Memory_Ack |         720     25.00%     25.00% |         720     25.00%     50.00% |         720     25.00%     75.00% |         720     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_W.Memory_Ack::total         2880                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Clean |          13     52.00%     52.00% |           5     20.00%     72.00% |           3     12.00%     84.00% |           4     16.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Clean::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean |          13     86.67%     86.67% |           2     13.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean::total           15                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty |          30     44.12%     44.12% |           9     13.24%     57.35% |          16     23.53%     80.88% |          13     19.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty::total           68                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_E_W.Memory_Ack |          65     40.12%     40.12% |          36     22.22%     62.35% |          32     19.75%     82.10% |          29     17.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_E_W.Memory_Ack::total          162                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          94    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           94                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        2880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         2880                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          94    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             94                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |        2880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total            2880                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          94    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           94                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        2880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         2880                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          94    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           94                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |        2880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total         2880                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     5625110      0.98%      0.98% |   565992679     98.73%     99.71% |      762633      0.13%     99.84% |      915452      0.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    573295874                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    27247059      0.00%      0.00% |18446744072219658240    100.00%    100.00% |     3416884      0.00%    100.00% |     4266827      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total 18446744072254586880                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     2118474      1.21%      1.21% |   172032301     98.10%     99.31% |      555252      0.32%     99.62% |      662254      0.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total    175368281                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |          39     26.53%     26.53% |          96     65.31%     91.84% |           5      3.40%     95.24% |           7      4.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total          147                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_to_L2  |       93620      2.47%      2.47% |     3595090     94.78%     97.25% |       41319      1.09%     98.34% |       62878      1.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_to_L2::total      3792907                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |       26907      1.10%      1.10% |     2394658     98.25%     99.36% |        6006      0.25%     99.60% |        9677      0.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total      2437248                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |       56932      4.38%      4.38% |     1178453     90.71%     95.09% |       27962      2.15%     97.24% |       35849      2.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total      1299196                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Complete_L2_to_L1 |       83839      2.24%      2.24% |     3573111     95.63%     97.87% |       33968      0.91%     98.78% |       45526      1.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Complete_L2_to_L1::total      3736444                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETX |       26851     24.20%     24.20% |       23405     21.10%     45.30% |       32153     28.98%     74.28% |       28531     25.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETX::total       110940                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETS |       58181     25.28%     25.28% |       61330     26.64%     51.92% |       58942     25.61%     77.52% |       51735     22.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETS::total       230188                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Merged_GETS |           6     46.15%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           2     15.38%     61.54% |           5     38.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Merged_GETS::total           13                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |       47765     23.68%     23.68% |       53865     26.70%     50.38% |       41280     20.46%     70.85% |       58801     29.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total       201711                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Ack |       10544     29.74%     29.74% |       11213     31.63%     61.37% |        2660      7.50%     68.87% |       11036     31.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Ack::total        35453                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |        7910     45.17%     45.17% |        2738     15.64%     60.81% |        3312     18.91%     79.72% |        3551     20.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total        17511                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Data |       11564     23.73%     23.73% |        8228     16.88%     40.61% |       10792     22.14%     62.75% |       18155     37.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Data::total        48739                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data |        8205     18.90%     18.90% |       17018     39.19%     58.09% |        7518     17.31%     75.40% |       10680     24.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total        43421                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |          38     35.19%     35.19% |          61     56.48%     91.67% |           3      2.78%     94.44% |           6      5.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total          108                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks  |       11564     23.71%     23.71% |        8247     16.91%     40.62% |       10793     22.13%     62.75% |       18166     37.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks::total        48770                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks_no_sharers |       16127     26.44%     26.44% |       19741     32.37%     58.81% |       10831     17.76%     76.57% |       14288     23.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks_no_sharers::total        60987                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       16899     25.00%     25.00% |       11992     17.74%     42.74% |       17130     25.34%     68.08% |       21577     31.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total        67598                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        1623     18.00%     18.00% |        3381     37.49%     55.48% |         627      6.95%     62.43% |        3388     37.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         9019                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |        4625     20.08%     20.08% |       10768     46.76%     66.84% |        2117      9.19%     76.04% |        5518     23.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total        23028                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETX |       15049     23.52%     23.52% |       17247     26.95%     50.47% |       17486     27.32%     77.79% |       14212     22.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETX::total        63994                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETS |       28482     22.86%     22.86% |       43195     34.68%     57.54% |       24636     19.78%     77.32% |       28255     22.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETS::total       124568                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      340681      0.22%      0.22% |   154991817     99.58%     99.80% |      137529      0.09%     99.89% |      177290      0.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total    155647317                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     3441529      0.00%      0.00% |18446744072173268992    100.00%    100.00% |     2915617      0.00%    100.00% |     2972086      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total 18446744072182597632                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        4508     45.22%     45.22% |        1831     18.37%     63.59% |        1742     17.48%     81.07% |        1887     18.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total         9968                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement |           1      2.56%      2.56% |          35     89.74%     92.31% |           2      5.13%     97.44% |           1      2.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement::total           39                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_to_L2 |       33837      1.50%      1.50% |     2154768     95.78%     97.29% |       28436      1.26%     98.55% |       32623      1.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_to_L2::total      2249664                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |        3333      0.34%      0.34% |      974573     99.07%     99.41% |        2538      0.26%     99.67% |        3259      0.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total       983703                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |       25983      2.09%      2.09% |     1174110     94.50%     96.59% |       22137      1.78%     98.37% |       20280      1.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total      1242510                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETX |        5809     24.13%     24.13% |         252      1.05%     25.17% |        7987     33.17%     58.34% |       10030     41.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETX::total        24078                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETS |        5024     14.17%     14.17% |        2169      6.12%     20.29% |       16570     46.74%     67.03% |       11690     32.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETS::total        35453                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load    |       84111     64.97%     64.97% |         411      0.32%     65.29% |       20937     16.17%     81.46% |       24007     18.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load::total       129466                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Ifetch  |     2147264     56.54%     56.54% |          35      0.00%     56.54% |      470085     12.38%     68.91% |     1180611     31.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Ifetch::total      3797995                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store   |          10     15.62%     15.62% |           1      1.56%     17.19% |           1      1.56%     18.75% |          52     81.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store::total           64                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L2_Replacement |          21     84.00%     84.00% |           0      0.00%     84.00% |           2      8.00%     92.00% |           2      8.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L2_Replacement::total           25                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_to_L2 |       18248     42.43%     42.43% |         818      1.90%     44.34% |        7218     16.78%     61.12% |       16719     38.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_to_L2::total        43003                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |        1551     30.19%     30.19% |         689     13.41%     43.60% |        1417     27.58%     71.18% |        1481     28.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total         5138                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |       16103     43.92%     43.92% |           0      0.00%     43.92% |        5825     15.89%     59.81% |       14737     40.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total        36665                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETX |        3628     20.75%     20.75% |        4620     26.42%     47.16% |        6010     34.37%     81.53% |        3230     18.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETX::total        17488                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETS |        8782     33.49%     33.49% |        7313     27.89%     61.38% |        6907     26.34%     87.71% |        3222     12.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETS::total        26224                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     1516116      2.81%      2.81% |    52244051     96.91%     99.72% |       73300      0.14%     99.86% |       77728      0.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     53911195                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch  |    21599265     32.30%     32.30% |    45204313     67.59%     99.89% |        2309      0.00%     99.89% |       71729      0.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch::total     66877616                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |         818     22.62%     22.62% |        1244     34.40%     57.02% |         344      9.51%     66.54% |        1210     33.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total         3616                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |           4     25.00%     25.00% |           9     56.25%     81.25% |           0      0.00%     81.25% |           3     18.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_to_L2 |       25293     18.09%     18.09% |      109634     78.41%     96.50% |        1520      1.09%     97.59% |        3369      2.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_to_L2::total       139816                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |        8810      7.87%      7.87% |      101992     91.07%     98.94% |         236      0.21%     99.15% |         953      0.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total       111991                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |       14846     74.15%     74.15% |        4343     21.69%     95.84% |           0      0.00%     95.84% |         832      4.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total        20021                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETX |         182     27.66%     27.66% |         220     33.43%     61.09% |         230     34.95%     96.05% |          26      3.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETX::total          658                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETS |        6879     30.57%     30.57% |        4673     20.77%     51.34% |        6934     30.82%     82.15% |        4016     17.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETS::total        22502                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Merged_GETS |           2     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     16.67%     50.00% |           3     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Merged_GETS::total            6                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |     3650982      1.01%      1.01% |   357314784     98.68%     99.69% |      508919      0.14%     99.83% |      606684      0.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total    362081369                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |     2097689      1.20%      1.20% |   171052803     98.11%     99.31% |      549723      0.32%     99.63% |      650934      0.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total    174351149                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L2_Replacement |          13     19.40%     19.40% |          52     77.61%     97.01% |           1      1.49%     98.51% |           1      1.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L2_Replacement::total           67                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_to_L2 |       16242      1.19%      1.19% |     1329870     97.75%     98.95% |        4145      0.30%     99.25% |       10167      0.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_to_L2::total      1360424                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |       13213      0.99%      0.99% |     1317404     98.58%     99.57% |        1815      0.14%     99.70% |        3984      0.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total      1336416                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETX |        2183     46.23%     46.23% |        1066     22.58%     68.81% |         440      9.32%     78.12% |        1033     21.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETX::total         4722                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETS |        9014     42.04%     42.04% |        3980     18.56%     60.60% |        3895     18.17%     78.77% |        4552     21.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETS::total        21441                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Merged_GETS |           4     57.14%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           1     14.29%     71.43% |           2     28.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Merged_GETS::total            7                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Load   |        3309      0.34%      0.34% |      974561     99.08%     99.41% |        2532      0.26%     99.67% |        3243      0.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Load::total       983645                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Ifetch |       25983      2.09%      2.09% |     1174110     94.50%     96.59% |       22137      1.78%     98.37% |       20280      1.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Ifetch::total      1242510                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Store  |          24     41.38%     41.38% |          12     20.69%     62.07% |           6     10.34%     72.41% |          16     27.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Store::total           58                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Load   |        1549     30.28%     30.28% |         686     13.41%     43.69% |        1416     27.68%     71.36% |        1465     28.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Load::total         5116                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Ifetch |       16103     43.92%     43.92% |           0      0.00%     43.92% |        5825     15.89%     59.81% |       14737     40.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Ifetch::total        36665                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Store  |           2      9.09%      9.09% |           3     13.64%     22.73% |           1      4.55%     27.27% |          16     72.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Store::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Load   |        8782      7.89%      7.89% |      101906     91.51%     99.39% |         222      0.20%     99.59% |         456      0.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Load::total       111366                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Ifetch |       14846     74.15%     74.15% |        4343     21.69%     95.84% |           0      0.00%     95.84% |         832      4.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Ifetch::total        20021                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Store  |          28      4.48%      4.48% |          86     13.76%     18.24% |          14      2.24%     20.48% |         497     79.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Store::total          625                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Load  |        2663      0.74%      0.74% |      352323     98.49%     99.23% |         635      0.18%     99.41% |        2102      0.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Load::total       357723                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Store |       10550      1.08%      1.08% |      965081     98.61%     99.69% |        1180      0.12%     99.81% |        1882      0.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Store::total       978693                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |        3284      7.47%      7.47% |       25764     58.61%     66.08% |        3858      8.78%     74.85% |       11055     25.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total        43961                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |        3378     45.32%     45.32% |         876     11.75%     57.07% |        1563     20.97%     78.04% |        1637     21.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total         7454                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data |        1247      8.01%      8.01% |        9892     63.52%     71.52% |         554      3.56%     75.08% |        3881     24.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data::total        15574                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        2079     40.64%     40.64% |        1015     19.84%     60.48% |        1785     34.89%     95.37% |         237      4.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total         5116                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Data   |        4532     45.20%     45.20% |        1843     18.38%     63.58% |        1748     17.43%     81.02% |        1903     18.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Data::total        10026                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack    |          36     13.95%     13.95% |          12      4.65%     18.60% |           6      2.33%     20.93% |         204     79.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack::total          258                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks_no_sharers |          12     13.95%     13.95% |           4      4.65%     18.60% |           2      2.33%     20.93% |          68     79.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks_no_sharers::total           86                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.Ack   |       12749     54.18%     54.18% |        3573     15.18%     69.36% |        1817      7.72%     77.09% |        5392     22.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.Ack::total        23531                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.All_acks_no_sharers |        7910     45.25%     45.25% |        2719     15.55%     60.81% |        3311     18.94%     79.75% |        3540     20.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.All_acks_no_sharers::total        17480                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load  |          14     18.18%     18.18% |          31     40.26%     58.44% |           9     11.69%     70.13% |          23     29.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load::total           77                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          27     93.10%     93.10% |           0      0.00%     93.10% |           2      6.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store::total           29                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Ack   |        1724      7.80%      7.80% |        8549     38.67%     46.46% |        8778     39.70%     86.16% |        3059     13.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Ack::total        22110                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.All_acks_no_sharers |        6958     25.01%     25.01% |        7099     25.52%     50.53% |        6964     25.03%     75.57% |        6797     24.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.All_acks_no_sharers::total        27818                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store |         220     21.38%     21.38% |         445     43.25%     64.63% |         124     12.05%     76.68% |         240     23.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store::total         1029                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Ack  |         772     16.51%     16.51% |        2511     53.71%     70.22% |         442      9.45%     79.68% |         950     20.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Ack::total         4675                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.All_acks_no_sharers |        1247      7.99%      7.99% |        9919     63.57%     71.56% |         554      3.55%     75.11% |        3883     24.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.All_acks_no_sharers::total        15603                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ack    |       24403     32.52%     32.52% |        8961     11.94%     44.46% |       14390     19.17%     63.63% |       27294     36.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ack::total        75048                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Ack |        2664     23.38%     23.38% |        4139     36.32%     59.70% |        2157     18.93%     78.63% |        2435     21.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Ack::total        11395                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          19     61.29%     61.29% |           1      3.23%     64.52% |          11     35.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total           31                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Data |       11564     23.73%     23.73% |        8228     16.88%     40.61% |       10792     22.14%     62.75% |       18155     37.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Data::total        48739                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data |        6958     24.99%     24.99% |        7126     25.59%     50.58% |        6964     25.01%     75.58% |        6799     24.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data::total        27847                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load   |           4      0.40%      0.40% |         117     11.68%     12.08% |           4      0.40%     12.48% |         877     87.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load::total         1002                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ifetch |         446      6.73%      6.73% |        2731     41.22%     47.95% |         284      4.29%     52.24% |        3164     47.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ifetch::total         6625                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ack    |        2718     10.06%     10.06% |        3480     12.88%     22.95% |       10204     37.78%     60.72% |       10610     39.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ack::total        27012                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Shared_Ack |        7880     32.75%     32.75% |        7074     29.40%     62.16% |         503      2.09%     64.25% |        8601     35.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Shared_Ack::total        24058                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks |       11564     23.71%     23.71% |        8247     16.91%     40.62% |       10793     22.13%     62.75% |       18166     37.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks::total        48770                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack |          21     84.00%     84.00% |           0      0.00%     84.00% |           2      8.00%     92.00% |           2      8.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack::total           25                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack |          17     20.48%     20.48% |          61     73.49%     93.98% |           1      1.20%     95.18% |           4      4.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack::total           83                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ST.Complete_L2_to_L1 |       29316      1.32%      1.32% |     2148683     96.52%     97.83% |       24675      1.11%     98.94% |       23539      1.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ST.Complete_L2_to_L1::total      2226213                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |       17654     42.23%     42.23% |         689      1.65%     43.88% |        7242     17.32%     61.20% |       16218     38.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total        41803                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |       23656     17.92%     17.92% |      106335     80.55%     98.47% |         236      0.18%     98.65% |        1785      1.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total       132012                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |       13213      0.99%      0.99% |     1317404     98.58%     99.57% |        1815      0.14%     99.70% |        3984      0.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total      1336416                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  3.607973                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                3607972964500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               54846562682501                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 127595                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   217395                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              226911984                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2115480                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 15900.32                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2028795314                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3456644194                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0       735552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            735552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0       111680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         111680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0        11493                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              11493                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0         1745                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              1745                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0       203868                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total               203868                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0        30954                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total               30954                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0       234822                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total              234822                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      11493                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                      1745                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    11493                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                    1745                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                734784                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                    768                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                 109440                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                 735552                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys              111680                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    12                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    3                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0              990                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1              916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2              929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3              647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4              775                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5              664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6              692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7              735                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8              529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9              437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10             647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11             784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12             643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13             643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14             622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15             828                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0              245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1              125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2               48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3               40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4               71                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5               81                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6               48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7               82                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8              107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9               72                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10              74                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11              69                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12             111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13             154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14             152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15             231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 3607972299000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                11493                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                1745                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  11373                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                    108                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                    95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                    95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                    96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                    96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                    96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                    96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                    96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                    96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                    97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                    96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                    96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                    96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                    96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                    96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                    96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                    96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                    96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                    95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples         4838                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   174.498553                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   111.145851                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   224.603976                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2920     60.36%     60.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1032     21.33%     81.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383          288      5.95%     87.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511          144      2.98%     90.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639           98      2.03%     92.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767           80      1.65%     94.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895           80      1.65%     95.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           82      1.69%     97.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          114      2.36%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total         4838                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples           95                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean    161.842105                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   563.181036                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-255           86     90.53%     90.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            2      2.11%     92.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            2      2.11%     94.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535            1      1.05%     95.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791            2      2.11%     97.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            1      1.05%     98.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1      1.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total           95                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples           95                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean            18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.997646                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.291730                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16               1      1.05%      1.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18              93     97.89%     98.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20               1      1.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total           95                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                    97672000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat              312940750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                  57405000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                     8507.27                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               27257.27                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.20                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.03                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.20                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.03                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     30.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                    7261                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                   1092                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                63.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               62.69                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                 272546630.84                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   63.17                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                24638040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                13443375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy               63070800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy               4795200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        235877756400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy         83095580115                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        2093937022500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          2413016306430                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           668.170184                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3481744805250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF 120478280000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   5753867250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                23572080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                12861750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy               56877600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy               6285600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        235877756400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy         82715443695                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        2094270467250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          2412963264375                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           668.155499                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3482366003999                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF 120478280000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   5132654751                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1       697792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total            697792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1       106496                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         106496                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1        10903                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              10903                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1         1664                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total              1664                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1       193403                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total               193403                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1        29517                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total               29517                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1       222920                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total              222920                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      10903                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                      1664                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    10903                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                    1664                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                696896                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                    896                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                 104960                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                 697792                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys              106496                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    14                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    2                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0              926                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1              856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2              917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3              641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4              762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5              617                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6              662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7              701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8              472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9              409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10             643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11             769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12             611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13             580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14             556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15             767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0              236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1              119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2               42                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3               52                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4               67                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5               73                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6               49                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7               73                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8               97                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9               67                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10              74                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11              67                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12             114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13             158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14             147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15             205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 3607971967000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                10903                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                1664                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  10783                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                    106                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                    90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                    91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                    92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                    92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                    92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                    93                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                    92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                    91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                    91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                    91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                    91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                    92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                    92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                    91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                    91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                    91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                    91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                    91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples         4516                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   177.558902                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   111.499820                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   230.531220                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2751     60.92%     60.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255          913     20.22%     81.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383          270      5.98%     87.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511          130      2.88%     89.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639           92      2.04%     92.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767           78      1.73%     93.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895           83      1.84%     95.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           79      1.75%     97.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          120      2.66%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total         4516                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples           91                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean    162.582418                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   556.720877                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-255           83     91.21%     91.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            2      2.20%     93.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            1      1.10%     94.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            1      1.10%     95.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535            1      1.10%     96.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            2      2.20%     98.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1      1.10%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total           91                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples           91                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     18.021978                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.017781                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.393786                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16               1      1.10%      1.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17               1      1.10%      2.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18              86     94.51%     96.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19               1      1.10%     97.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20               2      2.20%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total           91                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                    93300500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              297469250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                  54445000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                     8568.33                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               27318.33                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.19                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.03                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.19                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.03                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     24.80                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                    6918                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                   1095                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                63.53                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               65.88                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                 287098907.22                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   63.84                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                23655240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                12907125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy               60918000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy               4607280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        235877756400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy         83023191540                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        2094000513000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          2413003548585                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           668.166653                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3481847523750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF 120478280000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   5646163250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                22302000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                12168750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy               54514200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy               6019920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        235877756400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy         82614298905                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        2094359190750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          2412946250925                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           668.150788                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3482580578750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF 120478280000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   4918080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2       689344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total            689344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2       105856                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total         105856                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2        10771                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total              10771                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2         1654                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total              1654                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2       191061                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total               191061                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2        29339                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total               29339                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2       220401                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total              220401                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                      10771                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                      1654                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                    10771                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                    1654                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                688448                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                    896                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                 104832                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                 689344                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys              105856                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    14                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0              930                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1              832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2              875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3              642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4              747                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5              610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6              653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7              702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8              476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9              416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10             596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11             772                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12             622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13             586                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14             550                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15             748                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0              233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1              112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2               42                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3               47                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4               66                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5               75                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6               42                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7               75                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8              108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9               65                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10              65                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11              74                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12             117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13             153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14             150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15             214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 3607965688000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                10771                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6                1654                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                  10654                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                    103                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                    90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                    93                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                    91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                    91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                    91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                    91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                    91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                    91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                    91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                    91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                    91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                    91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                    91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                    91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                    91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                    91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                    91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                    91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples         4379                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   181.199361                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   113.236821                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   234.484213                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2619     59.81%     59.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255          916     20.92%     80.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383          258      5.89%     86.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511          130      2.97%     89.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639           94      2.15%     91.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767           77      1.76%     93.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895           81      1.85%     95.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           81      1.85%     97.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          123      2.81%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total         4379                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples           91                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean    161.065934                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   557.434576                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-255           82     90.11%     90.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            3      3.30%     93.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            1      1.10%     94.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279            1      1.10%     95.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791            1      1.10%     96.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            2      2.20%     98.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1      1.10%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total           91                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples           91                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean            18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.995635                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.394405                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16               2      2.20%      2.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18              86     94.51%     96.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::19               2      2.20%     98.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::20               1      1.10%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total           91                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                    95589000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              297282750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                  53785000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                     8886.21                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               27636.21                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        0.19                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.03                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     0.19                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.03                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     18.26                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                    6925                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                   1093                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                64.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               66.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                 290379532.23                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   64.60                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                22846320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                12465750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy               60153600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy               4484160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy        235877756400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy         83041370550                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy        2093984566500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          2413003643280                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           668.166680                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3481819561250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF 120478280000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   5678262500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                22188600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                12106875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy               54171000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy               6130080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy        235877756400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy         82542378015                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy        2094422279250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          2412937010220                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           668.148229                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3482626747250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF 120478280000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   4871591500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3       693440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total            693440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3       105280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total         105280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3        10835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total              10835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3         1645                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total              1645                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3       192197                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total               192197                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3        29180                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total               29180                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3       221376                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total              221376                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                      10835                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                      1645                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                    10835                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                    1645                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                692672                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    768                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                 103808                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                 693440                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys              105280                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    12                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0              940                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1              858                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2              875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3              627                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4              758                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5              608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6              632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7              704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8              482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9              397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10             628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11             752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12             631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13             605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14             555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15             771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0              248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1              110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2               40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3               32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4               69                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5               79                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6               44                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7               81                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8              106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9               68                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10              66                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11              71                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12             105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13             149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14             146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15             208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 3607974464000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                10835                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6                1645                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                  10702                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                    121                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                    89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                    90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                    90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                    90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                    91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                    91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                    91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                    93                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                    90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                    91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                    90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                    91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                    90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                    90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                    90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                    90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                    90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                    90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples         4376                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   182.040219                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   113.617237                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   234.893122                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2623     59.94%     59.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255          900     20.57%     80.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383          258      5.90%     86.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511          150      3.43%     89.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639           79      1.81%     91.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767           89      2.03%     93.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895           70      1.60%     95.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           82      1.87%     97.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          125      2.86%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total         4376                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples           90                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean    163.188889                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   602.012466                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-255           82     91.11%     91.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            2      2.22%     93.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            2      2.22%     95.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279            1      1.11%     96.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791            1      1.11%     97.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            1      1.11%     98.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1      1.11%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total           90                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples           90                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     18.022222                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.016666                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.449163                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16               2      2.22%      2.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18              84     93.33%     95.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::19               2      2.22%     97.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::20               2      2.22%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total           90                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                    90170999                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              293102249                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                  54115000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                     8331.42                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               27081.42                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        0.19                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.03                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     0.19                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.03                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     32.64                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                    6966                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                   1105                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                64.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               67.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                 289100517.95                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   64.73                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                22385160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                12214125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy               59974200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy               4555440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy        235877756400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy         83082979125                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy        2093948067750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          2413007932200                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           668.167867                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3481779095250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF 120478280000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   5718894500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                22302000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                12168750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy               54592200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy               5955120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy        235877756400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy         82604079090                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy        2094368155500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          2412945009060                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           668.150444                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3482572037000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF 120478280000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   4926621750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      7216153773                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   20096318                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     35741000                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             30318187                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses               8406789                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     645941                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      2127223                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    30318187                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                      8406789                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           58681176                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          23116029                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads            14076642                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes            7480253                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            14678774                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           10768786                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      8043856                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    5929260                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   2114596                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              7141001592.423727                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              75152180.576273                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.010414                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.989586                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          2942922                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass               130958      0.37%      0.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 23689671     66.28%     66.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  214424      0.60%     67.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    38338      0.11%     67.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                3623931     10.14%     77.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 5929260     16.59%     94.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                2114596      5.92%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  35741178                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      7215339664                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                 1996921917                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                   3397455192                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses           2762055245                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses            1010104752                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                   50010968                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts    200212483                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                  2762055245                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                   1010104752                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         5227122352                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes        2056174220                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads          1701925105                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes          899778502                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads          1291110464                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes         1041000300                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    739224751                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                  572374979                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                 166849772                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              80061871.848640                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              7135277792.151360                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.988904                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.011096                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                        261697963                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass              1528381      0.04%      0.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu               2192814153     64.54%     64.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                24042776      0.71%     65.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                   214042      0.01%     65.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd              439631505     12.94%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                     48      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead               572374979     16.85%     95.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite              166849772      4.91%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                3397455656                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      7214745500                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    4617909                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      9398642                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              9212972                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                 20543                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     237027                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       665378                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     9212972                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                        20543                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           18809612                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           7487981                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads               32891                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes              16023                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             5033654                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            2766408                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      2294345                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                    1381410                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    912935                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              7194599200.058090                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              20146299.941910                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.002792                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.997208                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           992529                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass               124190      1.32%      1.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  6914836     73.57%     74.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   12824      0.14%     75.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    37241      0.40%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                  15304      0.16%     75.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                     16      0.00%     75.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                 1381410     14.70%     90.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 912935      9.71%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   9398756                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      7220699609                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    5775292                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     11499000                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             11278262                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                  8017                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     286438                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       833419                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    11278262                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                         8017                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           22835906                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           9270205                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads               12855                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes               6219                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             6190699                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            3804382                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      2657504                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    1669682                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    987822                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              7194795137.035362                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              25904471.964638                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.003588                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.996412                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                          1211407                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass               121145      1.05%      1.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  8658621     75.30%     76.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   17890      0.16%     76.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    38568      0.34%     76.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   5633      0.05%     76.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                     16      0.00%     76.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 1669682     14.52%     91.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 987822      8.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  11499377                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 7080                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                7080                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                8634                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               8634                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               897                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              897                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          434                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          434                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          432                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          434                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         1734                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          114                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1726                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2282                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4568                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           92                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1714                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          636                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2306                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4770                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           24                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         2096                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         2266                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2306                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         6712                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         3366                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         9726                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2290                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        15438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   33222                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          868                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          868                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          868                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         3468                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           66                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         3452                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          219                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4564                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         8317                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           52                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         3428                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          318                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4612                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         8454                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         4192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1133                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4612                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         9989                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           26                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         6732                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         4863                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4580                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        16221                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    46449                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy               244000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy              7190481                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             8014500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             3188992                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             3170471                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             3209489                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             3203992                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy             1293994                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             3469500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             3644500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             5300500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy            12705500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            1                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes         4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           47                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes       192512                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           47                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   7191607622                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000411                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  7191606407    100.00%    100.00% |        1215      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   7191607622                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     7191607622                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.012546                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.002683                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         0.521694                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  7191603899    100.00%    100.00% |        2888      0.00%    100.00% |          79      0.00%    100.00% |         164      0.00%    100.00% |         498      0.00%    100.00% |          94      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       7191607622                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   7191319228                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean      1.010542                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.002531                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.324510                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |  7183738311     99.89%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |     7580917      0.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   7191319228                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       288394                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    51.001924                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    43.711885                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    40.767278                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |      284671     98.71%     98.71% |        2888      1.00%     99.71% |          79      0.03%     99.74% |         164      0.06%     99.79% |         498      0.17%     99.97% |          94      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       288394                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.incomplete_times_seqr          828                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits      7982030                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        64044                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      8046074                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits     27945230                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses        63741                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses     28008971                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        92046                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        35739                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       127785                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles             2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits    736780126                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses      2457429                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    739237555                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits   2807699724                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses      1209481                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses   2808909205                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits      3616801                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        50109                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses      3666910                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            41                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits      2243819                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses        52800                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      2296619                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits      6135344                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        41870                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses      6177214                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        56419                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        38251                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        94670                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles             2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits      2585775                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        74693                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      2660468                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits      7543612                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        59132                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses      7602744                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        79287                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        54538                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses       133825                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles            16                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     0.003723                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::2        35739                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::3          228                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::4        74896                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::4       183105                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5           33                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          127                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          127                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5           94                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       145194                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        35739                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       285912                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         1824                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5392512                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      1464840                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5         2376                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         1016                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         1016                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      1161552                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       285912                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized     0.004166                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Request_Control::2        50109                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Request_Control::3          274                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Data::4        79880                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Control::4       217597                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         3042                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         3374                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         3374                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          332                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       130940                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        50109                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       400872                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         2192                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5751360                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      1740776                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5       219024                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        26992                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        26992                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         2656                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      1047520                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       400872                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized     0.003767                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::2        38251                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::3          266                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Data::4        75139                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::4       190940                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5           39                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           68                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           68                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5           29                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       142859                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        38251                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       306008                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         2128                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5410008                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      1527520                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5         2808                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          544                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          544                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5          232                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      1142872                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       306008                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized     0.004199                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Request_Control::2        54538                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Request_Control::3           45                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Data::4        83273                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::4       220061                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          490                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          847                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          847                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          357                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       126889                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        54538                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       436304                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          360                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5995656                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      1760488                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        35280                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         6776                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         6776                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         2856                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      1015112                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       436304                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     0.000967                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::2        52239                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::3          612                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::1           37                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::4        11710                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::4         2909                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          956                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          789                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1250                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         1250                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          294                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        52416                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        52239                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       417912                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         4896                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         2664                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       843120                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        23272                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        68832                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6312                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        10000                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        10000                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         2352                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       419328                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       417912                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.000731                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::2        31711                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::3          168                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::1           27                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::4        11120                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::4         2874                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          885                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          779                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1048                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         1048                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          163                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        32322                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        31711                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       253688                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         1344                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         1944                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       800640                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        22992                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        63720                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6232                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         8384                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         8384                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         1304                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       258576                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       253688                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.000863                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::2        44915                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::3           26                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::1           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::4        10995                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::4         2832                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          886                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          768                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1062                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         1062                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          176                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        45655                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        44915                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       359320                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          208                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         1152                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       791640                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        22656                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        63792                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6144                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         8496                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         8496                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         1408                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       365240                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       359320                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.000916                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::2        49772                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::3            7                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::1           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::4        11059                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::4         2832                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          877                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          768                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1056                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         1056                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          179                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        50533                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        49772                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       398176                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           56                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         1152                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       796248                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        22656                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        63144                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6144                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         8448                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         8448                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         1432                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       404264                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       398176                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.000024                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1           96                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3104                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3008                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         6912                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        24832                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        24064                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.002062                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::2       178637                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::3          813                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1           96                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::4       179037                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::4       411575                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         3604                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3104                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3008                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         4416                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         4416                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          812                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       545882                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       178637                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1429096                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         6504                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         6912                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     12890664                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      3292600                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5       259488                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        24832                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        24064                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        35328                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        35328                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         6496                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      4367056                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      1429096                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control       538350                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data       537397                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control      1234725                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data        10812                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control        47268                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Broadcast_Control      1272690                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Unblock_Control       535911                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control      4306800                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data     38692584                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control      9877800                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data       778464                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control       378144                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Broadcast_Control     10181520                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Unblock_Control      4287288                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     0.003760                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3          228                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        35570                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        77009                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          127                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       145194                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         1824                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2561040                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       616072                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         1016                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      1161552                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     0.003686                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        35739                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        39326                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4       106096                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5           33                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          127                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5           94                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        35739                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       285912                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2831472                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       848768                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5         2376                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         1016                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       285912                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization     0.004858                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3          274                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        50031                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4       116232                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         3374                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       130940                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         2192                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      3602232                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       929856                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        26992                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      1047520                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization     0.003474                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        50109                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        29849                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4       101365                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         3042                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         3374                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          332                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        50109                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       400872                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2149128                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       810920                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5       219024                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        26992                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         2656                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       400872                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization     0.003956                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3          266                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        38100                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        84854                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           68                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       142859                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         2128                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2743200                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       678832                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          544                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      1142872                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization     0.003578                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        38251                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        37039                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4       106086                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5           39                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           68                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5           29                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        38251                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       306008                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2666808                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       848688                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5         2808                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          544                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5          232                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       306008                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization     0.005121                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3           45                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        54367                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4       122033                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          847                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       126889                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          360                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      3914424                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       976264                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         6776                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      1015112                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization     0.003277                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        54538                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        28906                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4        98028                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          490                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          847                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          357                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        54538                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       436304                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2081232                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       784224                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        35280                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         6776                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         2856                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       436304                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000835                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        52239                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4          247                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4         2909                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          956                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          789                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1250                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          294                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        52239                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       417912                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        17784                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        23272                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        68832                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6312                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        10000                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         2352                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       417912                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     0.001098                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3          612                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1           37                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        11463                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         1250                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        52416                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         4896                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         2664                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       825336                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        10000                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       419328                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000543                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        31711                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4          242                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4         2874                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          885                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          779                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1048                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          163                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        31711                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       253688                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        17424                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        22992                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        63720                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6232                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         8384                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         1304                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       253688                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000918                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3          168                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1           27                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        10878                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         1048                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        32322                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         1344                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         1944                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       783216                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         8384                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       258576                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000726                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        44915                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4          240                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4         2832                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          886                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          768                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1062                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          176                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        44915                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       359320                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        17280                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        22656                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        63792                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6144                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         8496                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         1408                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       359320                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.001001                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3           26                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        10755                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         1062                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        45655                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          208                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         1152                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       774360                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         8496                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       365240                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000793                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        49772                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4          240                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4         2832                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          877                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          768                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1056                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          179                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        49772                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       398176                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        17280                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        22656                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        63144                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6144                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         8448                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         1432                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       398176                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.001038                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3            7                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        10819                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         1056                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        50533                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           56                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         1152                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       778968                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         8448                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       404264                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000027                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1           96                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3008                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         6912                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        24064                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000022                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3104                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        24832                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.003760                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3          228                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        35570                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        77009                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          127                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       145194                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         1824                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2561040                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       616072                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         1016                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      1161552                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004858                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3          274                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        50031                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4       116232                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         3374                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       130940                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         2192                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      3602232                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       929856                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        26992                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      1047520                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.link_utilization     0.003956                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Request_Control::3          266                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::4        38100                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::4        84854                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           68                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       142859                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         2128                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2743200                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       678832                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          544                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      1142872                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.link_utilization     0.005121                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Request_Control::3           45                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::4        54367                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::4       122033                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          847                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       126889                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          360                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      3914424                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       976264                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         6776                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      1015112                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.link_utilization     0.000835                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::2        52239                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::4          247                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::4         2909                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          956                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          789                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1250                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          294                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        52239                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       417912                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        17784                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        23272                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        68832                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6312                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        10000                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         2352                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       417912                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.link_utilization     0.000543                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::2        31711                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::4          242                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::4         2874                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          885                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          779                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1048                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          163                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        31711                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       253688                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        17424                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        22992                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        63720                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6232                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         8384                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         1304                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       253688                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.link_utilization     0.000726                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Request_Control::2        44915                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::4          240                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::4         2832                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          886                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          768                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1062                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          176                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        44915                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       359320                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        17280                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        22656                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        63792                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6144                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         8496                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         1408                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       359320                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.link_utilization     0.000793                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Request_Control::2        49772                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::4          240                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Control::4         2832                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          877                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          768                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1056                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          179                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        49772                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       398176                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        17280                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        22656                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        63144                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6144                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         8448                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         1432                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       398176                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.link_utilization     0.000027                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1           96                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3008                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         6912                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        24064                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples   1148631741                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.032029                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.006720                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      0.843690                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |  1148629818    100.00%    100.00% |        1561      0.00%    100.00% |          52      0.00%    100.00% |          94      0.00%    100.00% |         173      0.00%    100.00% |          43      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total    1148631741                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   1148464518                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.025708                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.006183                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.506374                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |  1145512097     99.74%     99.74% |           0      0.00%     99.74% |           0      0.00%     99.74% |           0      0.00%     99.74% |           0      0.00%     99.74% |     2952421      0.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   1148464518                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       167223                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    44.449531                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    39.116264                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    35.255804                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      165300     98.85%     98.85% |        1561      0.93%     99.78% |          52      0.03%     99.81% |          94      0.06%     99.87% |         173      0.10%     99.97% |          43      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       167223                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples    339985904                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.071029                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.014635                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      1.427140                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |   339984808    100.00%    100.00% |         720      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |          53      0.00%    100.00% |         262      0.00%    100.00% |          44      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total     339985904                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    339918105                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.057200                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.013810                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.754138                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |   337973788     99.43%     99.43% |           0      0.00%     99.43% |           0      0.00%     99.43% |           0      0.00%     99.43% |           0      0.00%     99.43% |     1944317      0.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    339918105                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        67799                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    70.405286                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    59.842607                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    50.536051                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |       66703     98.38%     98.38% |         720      1.06%     99.45% |          17      0.03%     99.47% |          53      0.08%     99.55% |         262      0.39%     99.94% |          44      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        67799                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   5690702751                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.004915                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.001137                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.264052                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  5690702118    100.00%    100.00% |         546      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |          59      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   5690702751                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   5690677119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.004669                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.001120                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.216021                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |  5688020312     99.95%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |     2656807      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   5690677119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        25632                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    55.636236                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.974851                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    46.204112                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       24999     97.53%     97.53% |         546      2.13%     99.66% |           9      0.04%     99.70% |          13      0.05%     99.75% |          59      0.23%     99.98% |           6      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        25632                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples     11687954                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.065026                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.009415                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.438909                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |    11687762    100.00%    100.00% |         161      0.00%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total     11687954                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     11674680                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.021841                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.005251                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.466836                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |    11649181     99.78%     99.78% |           0      0.00%     99.78% |           0      0.00%     99.78% |           0      0.00%     99.78% |           0      0.00%     99.78% |       25499      0.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     11674680                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        13274                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    39.046783                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    38.291540                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    13.680322                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       13082     98.55%     98.55% |         161      1.21%     99.77% |          24      0.18%     99.95% |           2      0.02%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           2      0.02%     99.98% |           2      0.02%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        13274                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       299636                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.876096                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.209052                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     8.809492                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      299596     99.99%     99.99% |          35      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       299636                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       285170                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.065680                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.015874                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.807768                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |      283297     99.34%     99.34% |           0      0.00%     99.34% |           0      0.00%     99.34% |           0      0.00%     99.34% |           0      0.00%     99.34% |        1873      0.66%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       285170                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        14466                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    38.565049                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    37.398594                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    16.010089                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       14426     99.72%     99.72% |          35      0.24%     99.97% |           1      0.01%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           3      0.02%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        14466                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       299636                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      299636    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       299636                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       299636                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      299636    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       299636                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples   7183737633                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  7183737633    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total   7183737633                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       226889                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    34.285686                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    34.208933                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.456584                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      225270     99.29%     99.29% |         538      0.24%     99.52% |         839      0.37%     99.89% |         239      0.11%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       226889                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::samples       226061                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::mean     1.030779                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::gmean     1.007515                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::stdev     0.551441                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request |      225334     99.68%     99.68% |          39      0.02%     99.70% |           0      0.00%     99.70% |           0      0.00%     99.70% |           0      0.00%     99.70% |         688      0.30%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::total       226061                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::samples       226061                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::mean     8.004733                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::gmean     8.003311                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::stdev     0.209955                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      225988     99.97%     99.97% |          66      0.03%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::total       226061                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::samples       226061                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::mean    24.000491                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::gmean    24.000464                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::stdev     0.037797                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      226049     99.99%     99.99% |          12      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::total       226061                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::samples       226061                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::mean     1.175448                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::stdev     2.001023                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion |      124195     54.94%     54.94% |       62885     27.82%     82.76% |        7713      3.41%     86.17% |          35      0.02%     86.18% |          35      0.02%     86.20% |          21      0.01%     86.21% |       31177     13.79%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::total       226061                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      7581595                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.999106                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.997641                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.094562                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr |         678      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |     7580917     99.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      7581595                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        61505                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   112.667328                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   107.975546                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    54.196175                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       57782     93.95%     93.95% |        2888      4.70%     98.64% |          79      0.13%     98.77% |         164      0.27%     99.04% |         498      0.81%     99.85% |          94      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        61505                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::samples        61505                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::mean     1.002341                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::gmean     1.000415                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::stdev     0.193534                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request |       61496     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           9      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::total        61505                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::samples        61505                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::mean     8.008747                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::gmean     8.005976                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::stdev     0.344075                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       61472     99.95%     99.95% |          24      0.04%     99.99% |           2      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           7      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::total        61505                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::samples        61505                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::mean    24.000927                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::gmean    24.000876                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::stdev     0.051472                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       61500     99.99%     99.99% |           5      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::total        61505                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::samples        61505                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::mean    79.655313                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::gmean    74.032610                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::stdev    54.200778                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion |       60578     98.49%     98.49% |         112      0.18%     98.67% |          87      0.14%     98.82% |         222      0.36%     99.18% |         505      0.82%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::total        61505                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples   1145512074                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1145512074    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total   1145512074                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       145805                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    33.462714                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    33.431873                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.680925                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      144980     99.43%     99.43% |           5      0.00%     99.44% |         582      0.40%     99.84% |         236      0.16%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       145805                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2952444                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.999922                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.999795                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.027911                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |          23      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     2952421    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      2952444                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        21418                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   119.243300                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   113.923261                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    57.180611                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       19495     91.02%     91.02% |        1561      7.29%     98.31% |          52      0.24%     98.55% |          94      0.44%     98.99% |         173      0.81%     99.80% |          43      0.20%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        21418                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples    337973206                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   337973206    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total    337973206                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        35004                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    36.113244                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    35.987306                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.069569                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       34318     98.04%     98.04% |         455      1.30%     99.34% |         231      0.66%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        35004                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1944899                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.997008                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.992110                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.172961                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |         582      0.03%      0.03% |           0      0.00%      0.03% |           0      0.00%      0.03% |           0      0.00%      0.03% |           0      0.00%      0.03% |     1944317     99.97%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      1944899                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        32795                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   107.007166                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   102.978938                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    51.719493                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       31699     96.66%     96.66% |         720      2.20%     98.85% |          17      0.05%     98.91% |          53      0.16%     99.07% |         262      0.80%     99.87% |          44      0.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        32795                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples   5688020312                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  5688020312    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total   5688020312                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        18885                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    33.275351                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    33.272188                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.461857                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       18864     99.89%     99.89% |          21      0.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        18885                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2656807                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     2656807    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      2656807                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         6747                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   118.224841                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   113.661149                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    52.847497                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        6114     90.62%     90.62% |         546      8.09%     98.71% |           9      0.13%     98.84% |          13      0.19%     99.04% |          59      0.87%     99.91% |           6      0.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         6747                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     11649181                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    11649181    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     11649181                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        13080                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    37.703058                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    37.637831                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.172482                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       13072     99.94%     99.94% |           4      0.03%     99.97% |           3      0.02%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        13080                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        25499                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       25499    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        25499                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          194                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   129.644330                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   122.266054                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    64.638351                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           2      1.03%      1.03% |         161     82.99%     84.02% |          24     12.37%     96.39% |           2      1.03%     97.42% |           0      0.00%     97.42% |           0      0.00%     97.42% |           2      1.03%     98.45% |           2      1.03%     99.48% |           0      0.00%     99.48% |           1      0.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          194                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       283297                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      283297    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       283297                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        14115                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    36.439603                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    36.335092                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.772760                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       14015     99.29%     99.29% |          74      0.52%     99.82% |          23      0.16%     99.98% |           2      0.01%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        14115                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1873                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1873    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         1873                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          351                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   124.037037                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   119.314280                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    52.677415                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |         311     88.60%     88.60% |          35      9.97%     98.58% |           1      0.28%     98.86% |           0      0.00%     98.86% |           3      0.85%     99.72% |           1      0.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          351                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       299563                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      299563    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       299563                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples           73                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          73    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total           73                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |       17972     28.75%     28.75% |       12057     19.29%     48.04% |       16025     25.64%     73.68% |       16452     26.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total        62506                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS    |       34291     29.50%     29.50% |       19670     16.92%     46.42% |       28943     24.90%     71.32% |       33341     28.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS::total       116245                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUT     |        1250     28.31%     28.31% |        1048     23.73%     52.04% |        1062     24.05%     76.09% |        1056     23.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUT::total         4416                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockS |       19697     31.86%     31.86% |        9451     15.29%     47.15% |       14620     23.65%     70.79% |       18058     29.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockS::total        61826                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockM |       32542     27.86%     27.86% |       22260     19.06%     46.92% |       30295     25.94%     72.85% |       31714     27.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockM::total       116811                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Clean |          98     31.21%     31.21% |          67     21.34%     52.55% |          80     25.48%     78.03% |          69     21.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Clean::total          314                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Dirty |           6     24.00%     24.00% |           8     32.00%     56.00% |           5     20.00%     76.00% |           6     24.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Dirty::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean |         196     39.36%     39.36% |          96     19.28%     58.63% |          96     19.28%     77.91% |         110     22.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean::total          498                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty |         950     26.54%     26.54% |         877     24.50%     51.05% |         881     24.62%     75.66% |         871     24.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty::total         3579                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          37     38.54%     38.54% |          27     28.12%     66.67% |          16     16.67%     83.33% |          16     16.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           96                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |         752     25.00%     25.00% |         752     25.00%     50.00% |         752     25.00%     75.00% |         752     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         3008                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |       11493     26.12%     26.12% |       10903     24.78%     50.90% |       10771     24.48%     75.38% |       10835     24.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total        44002                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |        1745     26.01%     26.01% |        1664     24.81%     50.82% |        1654     24.66%     75.48% |        1645     24.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total         6708                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Ack     |        2909     25.41%     25.41% |        2874     25.11%     50.52% |        2832     24.74%     75.26% |        2832     24.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Ack::total        11447                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |           2     25.00%     25.00% |           1     12.50%     37.50% |           2     25.00%     62.50% |           3     37.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total            8                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Data |         245     25.49%     25.49% |         241     25.08%     50.57% |         238     24.77%     75.34% |         237     24.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total          961                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |         789     25.42%     25.42% |         779     25.10%     50.52% |         768     24.74%     75.26% |         768     24.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total         3104                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_Unblocks |         612     75.28%     75.28% |         168     20.66%     95.94% |          26      3.20%     99.14% |           7      0.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_Unblocks::total          813                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETX |        6771     31.79%     31.79% |        2606     12.23%     44.02% |        5878     27.60%     71.62% |        6045     28.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETX::total        21300                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETS |       10817     33.50%     33.50% |        4845     15.00%     48.50% |        6675     20.67%     69.18% |        9953     30.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETS::total        32290                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.PUT  |         104     30.68%     30.68% |          75     22.12%     52.80% |          85     25.07%     77.88% |          75     22.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.PUT::total          339                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.DMA_WRITE |           2     25.00%     25.00% |           1     12.50%     37.50% |           2     25.00%     62.50% |           3     37.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.DMA_WRITE::total            8                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETX |        5608     29.66%     29.66% |        3838     20.30%     49.97% |        4537     24.00%     73.96% |        4922     26.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETX::total        18905                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETS |       16968     27.63%     27.63% |        9376     15.27%     42.90% |       17042     27.75%     70.65% |       18026     29.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETS::total        61412                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.PUT  |        1146     28.11%     28.11% |         973     23.87%     51.97% |         977     23.96%     75.94% |         981     24.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.PUT::total         4077                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.DMA_READ |           7     77.78%     77.78% |           2     22.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.DMA_READ::total            9                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.DMA_WRITE |         238     25.00%     25.00% |         239     25.11%     50.11% |         238     25.00%     75.11% |         237     24.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.DMA_WRITE::total          952                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETX  |           3     42.86%     42.86% |           1     14.29%     57.14% |           2     28.57%     85.71% |           1     14.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETX::total            7                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETS  |          48     40.34%     40.34% |          18     15.13%     55.46% |          25     21.01%     76.47% |          28     23.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETS::total          119                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETX  |        5567     25.09%     25.09% |        5598     25.23%     50.32% |        5555     25.04%     75.36% |        5467     24.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETX::total        22187                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETS  |        5845     27.06%     27.06% |        5261     24.35%     51.41% |        5173     23.95%     75.36% |        5323     24.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETS::total        21602                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_READ |          30     34.48%     34.48% |          25     28.74%     63.22% |          16     18.39%     81.61% |          16     18.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_READ::total           87                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_WRITE |         512     25.00%     25.00% |         512     25.00%     50.00% |         512     25.00%     75.00% |         512     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_WRITE::total         2048                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETX |          23     22.12%     22.12% |          14     13.46%     35.58% |          50     48.08%     83.65% |          17     16.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETX::total          104                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETS |         612     75.28%     75.28% |         168     20.66%     95.94% |          26      3.20%     99.14% |           7      0.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETS::total          813                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockS |       19014     31.27%     31.27% |        9256     15.22%     46.50% |       14520     23.88%     70.38% |       18007     29.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockS::total        60797                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockM |       31930     27.53%     27.53% |       22087     19.04%     46.57% |       30266     26.09%     72.66% |       31706     27.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockM::total       115989                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockS |          23     24.21%     24.21% |           9      9.47%     33.68% |          47     49.47%     83.16% |          16     16.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockS::total           95                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockM |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5     55.56%     55.56% |           3     33.33%     88.89% |           1     11.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockM::total            9                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.UnblockM |         612     75.28%     75.28% |         168     20.66%     95.94% |          26      3.20%     99.14% |           7      0.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.UnblockM::total          813                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.UnblockS |         612     75.09%     75.09% |         168     20.61%     95.71% |          28      3.44%     99.14% |           7      0.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.UnblockS::total          815                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.All_Unblocks |         612     75.28%     75.28% |         168     20.66%     95.94% |          26      3.20%     99.14% |           7      0.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.All_Unblocks::total          813                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B.UnblockS |          48     40.34%     40.34% |          18     15.13%     55.46% |          25     21.01%     76.47% |          28     23.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B.UnblockS::total          119                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.Memory_Data |       11415     26.06%     26.06% |       10860     24.80%     50.86% |       10730     24.50%     75.36% |       10791     24.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.Memory_Data::total        43796                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B_W.Memory_Data |          48     40.34%     40.34% |          18     15.13%     55.46% |          25     21.01%     76.47% |          28     23.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B_W.Memory_Data::total          119                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Ack |        2768     25.00%     25.00% |        2768     25.00%     50.00% |        2768     25.00%     75.00% |        2768     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Ack::total        11072                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Data |           2     25.00%     25.00% |           1     12.50%     37.50% |           2     25.00%     62.50% |           3     37.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Data::total            8                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Exclusive_Data |         238     25.00%     25.00% |         239     25.11%     50.11% |         238     25.00%     75.11% |         237     24.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Exclusive_Data::total          952                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |         752     25.00%     25.00% |         752     25.00%     50.00% |         752     25.00%     75.00% |         752     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total         3008                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Memory_Data |          30     34.48%     34.48% |          25     28.74%     63.22% |          16     18.39%     81.61% |          16     18.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Memory_Data::total           87                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Ack |         112     33.73%     33.73% |          92     27.71%     61.45% |          64     19.28%     80.72% |          64     19.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Ack::total          332                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Ack |          21     77.78%     77.78% |           6     22.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Ack::total           27                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Exclusive_Data |           7     77.78%     77.78% |           2     22.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Exclusive_Data::total            9                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |           7     77.78%     77.78% |           2     22.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total            9                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.Ack |           8     50.00%     50.00% |           8     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.Ack::total           16                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |          30     34.48%     34.48% |          25     28.74%     63.22% |          16     18.39%     81.61% |          16     18.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total           87                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_W.Memory_Ack |         752     25.00%     25.00% |         752     25.00%     50.00% |         752     25.00%     75.00% |         752     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_W.Memory_Ack::total         3008                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETS |           1     14.29%     14.29% |           2     28.57%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           4     57.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETS::total            7                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Clean |          98     31.21%     31.21% |          67     21.34%     52.55% |          80     25.48%     78.03% |          69     21.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Clean::total          314                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Dirty |           6     24.00%     24.00% |           8     32.00%     56.00% |           5     20.00%     76.00% |           6     24.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Dirty::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean |         196     39.36%     39.36% |          96     19.28%     58.63% |          96     19.28%     77.91% |         110     22.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean::total          498                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty |         950     26.54%     26.54% |         877     24.50%     51.05% |         881     24.62%     75.66% |         871     24.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty::total         3579                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_O_W.Memory_Ack |           6     24.00%     24.00% |           8     32.00%     56.00% |           5     20.00%     76.00% |           6     24.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_O_W.Memory_Ack::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_E_W.Memory_Ack |         987     26.86%     26.86% |         904     24.60%     51.46% |         897     24.41%     75.86% |         887     24.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_E_W.Memory_Ack::total         3675                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          96    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           96                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        3008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         3008                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          96    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             96                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |        3008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total            3008                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          96    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           96                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        3008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         3008                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          96    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           96                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |        3008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total         3008                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     5796184      1.01%      1.01% |   566670222     98.49%     99.50% |     1299433      0.23%     99.73% |     1570035      0.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    575335874                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    28008971      0.00%      0.00% |18446744072223494144    100.00%    100.00% |     6177214      0.00%    100.00% |     7602744      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total 18446744072265281536                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     2249890      1.27%      1.27% |   172567350     97.55%     98.82% |      997216      0.56%     99.38% |     1090434      0.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total    176904890                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |         134      2.05%      2.05% |        4669     71.40%     73.45% |         184      2.81%     76.27% |        1552     23.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total         6539                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_to_L2  |      107610      2.72%      2.72% |     3657246     92.49%     95.21% |       76009      1.92%     97.13% |      113312      2.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_to_L2::total      3954177                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |       30633      1.23%      1.23% |     2413790     97.03%     98.27% |       17006      0.68%     98.95% |       26121      1.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total      2487550                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |       61588      4.54%      4.54% |     1203160     88.62%     93.16% |       39505      2.91%     96.07% |       53358      3.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total      1357611                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Complete_L2_to_L1 |       92221      2.40%      2.40% |     3616950     94.06%     96.46% |       56511      1.47%     97.93% |       79479      2.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Complete_L2_to_L1::total      3845161                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETX |       52776     26.49%     26.49% |       44232     22.20%     48.69% |       53117     26.66%     75.35% |       49104     24.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETX::total       199229                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETS |       92418     26.66%     26.66% |       86708     25.01%     51.67% |       89742     25.89%     77.56% |       77785     22.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETS::total       346653                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Merged_GETS |         228     28.04%     28.04% |         274     33.70%     61.75% |         266     32.72%     94.46% |          45      5.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Merged_GETS::total          813                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |       66087     18.52%     18.52% |      101094     28.33%     46.84% |       80785     22.64%     69.48% |      108931     30.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total       356897                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Ack |       10922     25.26%     25.26% |       15138     35.02%     60.28% |        4069      9.41%     69.69% |       13102     30.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Ack::total        43231                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |        8007     38.39%     38.39% |        4325     20.74%     59.13% |        3871     18.56%     77.69% |        4654     22.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total        20857                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Data |       13641     22.11%     22.11% |       13376     21.68%     43.78% |       13531     21.93%     65.71% |       21159     34.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Data::total        61707                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data |       13922     14.58%     14.58% |       32330     33.85%     48.43% |       20698     21.67%     70.10% |       28554     29.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total        95504                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |         127      2.88%      2.88% |        3374     76.40%     79.28% |          68      1.54%     80.82% |         847     19.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total         4416                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks  |       13647     22.07%     22.07% |       13427     21.72%     43.79% |       13546     21.91%     65.70% |       21204     34.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks::total        61824                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks_no_sharers |       22092     18.91%     18.91% |       36682     31.40%     50.31% |       24705     21.15%     71.46% |       33334     28.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks_no_sharers::total       116813                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       20955     21.03%     21.03% |       22613     22.70%     43.73% |       23596     23.68%     67.42% |       32461     32.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total        99625                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        2153     12.96%     12.96% |        6321     38.05%     51.01% |        2365     14.24%     65.24% |        5774     34.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total        16613                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |        7857     16.07%     16.07% |       17963     36.74%     52.81% |        9885     20.22%     73.03% |       13189     26.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total        48894                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETX |       36654     27.63%     27.63% |       33910     25.56%     53.18% |       32573     24.55%     77.73% |       29541     22.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETX::total       132678                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETS |       55996     26.70%     26.70% |       62901     29.99%     56.70% |       46742     22.29%     78.98% |       44071     21.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETS::total       209710                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      366615      0.24%      0.24% |   155120464     99.47%     99.70% |      202231      0.13%     99.83% |      260332      0.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total    155949642                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     3828936      0.00%      0.00% |18446744072176951296    100.00%    100.00% |     3951601      0.00%    100.00% |     5262665      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total 18446744072189995008                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        4575     36.21%     36.21% |        2991     23.68%     59.89% |        2230     17.65%     77.54% |        2837     22.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total        12633                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement |           7      0.33%      0.33% |        1295     61.00%     61.33% |         116      5.46%     66.79% |         705     33.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement::total         2123                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_to_L2 |       39028      1.68%      1.68% |     2190065     94.38%     96.06% |       38630      1.66%     97.72% |       52841      2.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_to_L2::total      2320564                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |        4253      0.43%      0.43% |      982411     98.46%     98.89% |        3819      0.38%     99.27% |        7279      0.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total       997762                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |       28406      2.20%      2.20% |     1197426     92.86%     95.06% |       28902      2.24%     97.31% |       34745      2.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total      1289479                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETX |        6437     24.80%     24.80% |         631      2.43%     27.23% |        8467     32.62%     59.85% |       10420     40.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETX::total        25955                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETS |        7009     16.21%     16.21% |        3923      9.07%     25.29% |       18304     42.34%     67.63% |       13995     32.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETS::total        43231                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load    |       94137     54.88%     54.88% |        2824      1.65%     56.52% |       31568     18.40%     74.93% |       43008     25.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load::total       171537                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Ifetch  |     2500552     45.72%     45.72% |       18786      0.34%     46.07% |      955794     17.48%     63.55% |     1993570     36.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Ifetch::total      5468702                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store   |          24      9.09%      9.09% |          72     27.27%     36.36% |          83     31.44%     67.80% |          85     32.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store::total          264                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L2_Replacement |          89     26.25%     26.25% |         102     30.09%     56.34% |          23      6.78%     63.13% |         125     36.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L2_Replacement::total          339                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_to_L2 |       21052     38.38%     38.38% |        2046      3.73%     42.11% |       11696     21.32%     63.43% |       20057     36.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_to_L2::total        54851                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |        2262     27.39%     27.39% |         919     11.13%     38.52% |        2331     28.22%     66.74% |        2747     33.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total         8259                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |       18119     40.36%     40.36% |         896      2.00%     42.36% |        9366     20.86%     63.22% |       16513     36.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total        44894                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETX |        4414     21.28%     21.28% |        5282     25.47%     46.75% |        6765     32.62%     79.37% |        4278     20.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETX::total        20739                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETS |       11388     35.27%     35.27% |        7626     23.62%     58.89% |        8122     25.15%     84.04% |        5154     15.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETS::total        32290                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     1543452      2.85%      2.85% |    52318322     96.63%     99.49% |      127210      0.23%     99.72% |      151205      0.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     54140189                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch  |    21615152     31.59%     31.59% |    45308772     66.21%     97.79% |     1227056      1.79%     99.59% |      283423      0.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch::total     68434403                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |        1926     12.34%     12.34% |        6289     40.31%     52.65% |        2510     16.09%     68.74% |        4878     31.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total        15603                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |           7      1.24%      1.24% |         266     47.00%     48.23% |           7      1.24%     49.47% |         286     50.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total          566                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_to_L2 |       27045     16.90%     16.90% |      113892     71.18%     88.08% |        6462      4.04%     92.12% |       12608      7.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_to_L2::total       160007                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |        9423      7.98%      7.98% |      103726     87.87%     95.85% |        1441      1.22%     97.07% |        3459      2.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total       118049                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |       15063     64.82%     64.82% |        4838     20.82%     85.64% |        1237      5.32%     90.96% |        2100      9.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total        23238                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETX |         302      9.77%      9.77% |        1161     37.55%     47.32% |         895     28.95%     76.26% |         734     23.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETX::total         3092                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETS |        7850     27.45%     27.45% |        5694     19.91%     47.35% |        7943     27.77%     75.12% |        7115     24.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETS::total        28602                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Merged_GETS |           4      5.41%      5.41% |          20     27.03%     32.43% |          45     60.81%     93.24% |           5      6.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Merged_GETS::total           74                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |     3752179      1.03%      1.03% |   357761302     98.43%     99.46% |      902543      0.25%     99.71% |     1062809      0.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total    363478833                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |     2223037      1.26%      1.26% |   171568443     97.58%     98.84% |      976586      0.56%     99.40% |     1060569      0.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total    175828635                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L2_Replacement |          31      0.88%      0.88% |        3006     85.62%     86.50% |          38      1.08%     87.58% |         436     12.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L2_Replacement::total         3511                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_to_L2 |       20485      1.44%      1.44% |     1351243     95.24%     96.69% |       19221      1.35%     98.04% |       27806      1.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_to_L2::total      1418755                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |       14695      1.08%      1.08% |     1326734     97.30%     98.38% |        9415      0.69%     99.07% |       12636      0.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total      1363480                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETX |        4969     29.64%     29.64% |        3248     19.37%     49.01% |        4417     26.35%     75.36% |        4131     24.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETX::total        16765                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETS |       10175     31.00%     31.00% |        6564     20.00%     51.00% |        8631     26.30%     77.30% |        7449     22.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETS::total        32819                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Merged_GETS |         224     30.31%     30.31% |         254     34.37%     64.68% |         221     29.91%     94.59% |          40      5.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Merged_GETS::total          739                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Load   |        4223      0.42%      0.42% |      982268     98.48%     98.90% |        3795      0.38%     99.28% |        7173      0.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Load::total       997459                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Ifetch |       28406      2.20%      2.20% |     1197426     92.86%     95.06% |       28902      2.24%     97.31% |       34745      2.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Ifetch::total      1289479                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Store  |          30      9.90%      9.90% |         143     47.19%     57.10% |          24      7.92%     65.02% |         106     34.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Store::total          303                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Load   |        2117     26.62%     26.62% |         913     11.48%     38.09% |        2263     28.45%     66.55% |        2661     33.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Load::total         7954                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Ifetch |       18119     40.36%     40.36% |         896      2.00%     42.36% |        9366     20.86%     63.22% |       16513     36.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Ifetch::total        44894                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Store  |         145     47.54%     47.54% |           6      1.97%     49.51% |          68     22.30%     71.80% |          86     28.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Store::total          305                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Load   |        9312      8.01%      8.01% |      103162     88.78%     96.79% |        1204      1.04%     97.83% |        2522      2.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Load::total       116200                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Ifetch |       15063     64.82%     64.82% |        4838     20.82%     85.64% |        1237      5.32%     90.96% |        2100      9.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Ifetch::total        23238                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Store  |         111      6.00%      6.00% |         564     30.50%     36.51% |         237     12.82%     49.32% |         937     50.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Store::total         1849                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Load  |        3145      0.84%      0.84% |      358024     96.00%     96.84% |        4881      1.31%     98.15% |        6908      1.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Load::total       372958                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Store |       11550      1.17%      1.17% |      968710     97.80%     98.96% |        4534      0.46%     99.42% |        5728      0.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Store::total       990522                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |       10930     11.60%     11.60% |       35804     37.99%     49.59% |       22166     23.52%     73.11% |       25341     26.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total        94241                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |        3396     43.53%     43.53% |        1140     14.61%     58.14% |        1602     20.53%     78.67% |        1664     21.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total         7802                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data |        4461     10.86%     10.86% |       16823     40.94%     51.80% |        8283     20.16%     71.95% |       11525     28.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data::total        41092                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        2151     25.53%     25.53% |        2506     29.74%     55.28% |        2368     28.11%     83.38% |        1400     16.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total         8425                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Data   |        4605     35.60%     35.60% |        3134     24.23%     59.83% |        2254     17.42%     77.25% |        2943     22.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Data::total        12936                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack    |         507     29.70%     29.70% |         234     13.71%     43.41% |         453     26.54%     69.95% |         513     30.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack::total         1707                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks_no_sharers |         169     29.70%     29.70% |          78     13.71%     43.41% |         151     26.54%     69.95% |         171     30.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks_no_sharers::total          569                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.Ack   |       12835     49.03%     49.03% |        4735     18.09%     67.12% |        2282      8.72%     75.84% |        6325     24.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.Ack::total        26177                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.All_acks_no_sharers |        8001     38.58%     38.58% |        4274     20.61%     59.19% |        3856     18.59%     77.78% |        4607     22.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.All_acks_no_sharers::total        20738                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load  |          43     12.43%     12.43% |         116     33.53%     45.95% |         122     35.26%     81.21% |          65     18.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load::total          346                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store |           1      0.74%      0.74% |          32     23.70%     24.44% |          80     59.26%     83.70% |          22     16.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store::total          135                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Ack   |        3492     11.27%     11.27% |       11249     36.32%     47.59% |       10310     33.29%     80.88% |        5921     19.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Ack::total        30972                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.All_acks_no_sharers |        9460     17.43%     17.43% |       15475     28.51%     45.94% |       12335     22.73%     68.67% |       17007     31.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.All_acks_no_sharers::total        54277                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store |         634     11.11%     11.11% |        2127     37.28%     48.39% |         949     16.63%     65.02% |        1996     34.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store::total         5706                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Ack  |        1483      8.65%      8.65% |        8425     49.14%     57.79% |        2534     14.78%     72.57% |        4704     27.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Ack::total        17146                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.All_acks_no_sharers |        4462     10.82%     10.82% |       16855     40.88%     51.71% |        8363     20.29%     71.99% |       11547     28.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.All_acks_no_sharers::total        41227                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Other_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Other_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ack    |       31427     21.65%     21.65% |       31533     21.73%     43.38% |       29172     20.10%     63.48% |       52999     36.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ack::total       145131                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Ack |        2881     19.12%     19.12% |        6000     39.81%     58.93% |        2956     19.61%     78.54% |        3234     21.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Ack::total        15071                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |           6      5.04%      5.04% |          51     42.86%     47.90% |          15     12.61%     60.50% |          47     39.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total          119                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Data |       13641     22.11%     22.11% |       13376     21.68%     43.78% |       13531     21.93%     65.71% |       21159     34.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Data::total        61707                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data |        9461     17.39%     17.39% |       15507     28.50%     45.89% |       12415     22.82%     68.70% |       17029     31.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data::total        54412                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load   |           6      0.53%      0.53% |         207     18.42%     18.95% |          20      1.78%     20.73% |         891     79.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load::total         1124                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ifetch |         590      6.09%      6.09% |        4247     43.86%     49.95% |         893      9.22%     59.17% |        3954     40.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ifetch::total         9684                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           9     23.08%     23.08% |          29     74.36%     97.44% |           1      2.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store::total           39                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ack    |        3262      9.86%      9.86% |        6608     19.96%     29.82% |       11500     34.75%     64.57% |       11728     35.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ack::total        33098                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Shared_Ack |        8041     28.55%     28.55% |        9138     32.45%     61.00% |        1113      3.95%     64.96% |        9868     35.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Shared_Ack::total        28160                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks |       13647     22.07%     22.07% |       13427     21.72%     43.79% |       13546     21.91%     65.70% |       21204     34.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks::total        61824                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks_no_sharers |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks_no_sharers::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Store  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Store::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack |          89     26.25%     26.25% |         102     30.09%     56.34% |          23      6.78%     63.13% |         125     36.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack::total          339                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           7    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load::total            7                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack |          38      0.93%      0.93% |        3272     80.26%     81.19% |          45      1.10%     82.29% |         722     17.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack::total         4077                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ST.Complete_L2_to_L1 |       32659      1.43%      1.43% |     2179837     95.30%     96.73% |       32721      1.43%     98.16% |       42024      1.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ST.Complete_L2_to_L1::total      2287241                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |       20381     38.34%     38.34% |        1815      3.41%     41.76% |       11697     22.01%     63.76% |       19260     36.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total        53153                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |       24486     17.33%     17.33% |      108564     76.84%     94.17% |        2678      1.90%     96.07% |        5559      3.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total       141287                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |       14695      1.08%      1.08% |     1326734     97.30%     98.38% |        9415      0.69%     99.07% |       12636      0.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total      1363480                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
