
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  3.935403                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                3935402908000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               56132953850501                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 156907                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   219976                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              274372551                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1938156                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 14343.28                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2250559256                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3155170942                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     29974848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          29974848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     12628480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       12628480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       468357                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             468357                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       197320                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            197320                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      7616716                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total              7616716                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0      3208942                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             3208942                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0     10825659                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            10825659                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     468357                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    197320                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   468357                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  197320                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              29920064                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  54784                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               12626752                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               29974848                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            12628480                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   856                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            33895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            34347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            34827                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            28096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            26408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            26635                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            25386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            28961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            27137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            30440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           30394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           27561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           27077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           27321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           26362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           32654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            14244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            14283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            14480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            12220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            11421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            11428                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            10929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            12359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            11275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            12775                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           12372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           11664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           11434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           11729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           11332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           13348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 3935401406500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               468357                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              197320                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 467401                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                    100                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                 10163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                 10314                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                 10988                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                 11071                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                 11059                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                 11059                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                 11058                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                 11052                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                 11062                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                 11062                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                 11059                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                 11055                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                 11055                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                 11057                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                 11059                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                 11042                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                 11041                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                 11040                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       389443                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   109.250596                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    89.711365                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   109.171137                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       250933     64.43%     64.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255       112506     28.89%     93.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        16411      4.21%     97.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4292      1.10%     98.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1126      0.29%     98.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          794      0.20%     99.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          422      0.11%     99.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          356      0.09%     99.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2603      0.67%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       389443                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11040                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     42.732699                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    62.629203                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        11036     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            2      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6399            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        11040                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11040                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.870743                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.862260                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.534908                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16             750      6.79%      6.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17             127      1.15%      7.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18            9971     90.32%     98.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19             184      1.67%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20               8      0.07%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        11040                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  5352578500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            14118222250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                2337505000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    11449.34                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               30199.34                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        7.60                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        3.21                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     7.62                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     3.21                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     24.52                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  211286                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  64066                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                45.19                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               32.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                   5911878.29                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   41.42                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy              1509943680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy               823878000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             1876867200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy             656838720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        257277961200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        328199183370                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        2075521101750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          2665865773920                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           676.783122                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3449346316500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF 131411800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 354639402500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy              1446810120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy               789430125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             1803243000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy             621619920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        257277961200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        323183435310                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        2079920880750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          2665043380425                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           676.574341                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3456824206000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF 131411800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 347168331500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     29837760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          29837760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     12587136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       12587136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       466215                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             466215                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       196674                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            196674                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      7581882                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total              7581882                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1      3198436                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total             3198436                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1     10780318                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            10780318                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     466215                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    196674                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   466215                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  196674                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              29783168                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  54592                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               12585472                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               29837760                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            12587136                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   853                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            33842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            34338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            34814                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            27934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            26212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            26499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            25298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            28619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            27108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            30088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           29991                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           27816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           26786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           27392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           26164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           32461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            14184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            14173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            14346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            12212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            11311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            11420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            10998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            12174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            11308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            12738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           12287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           11684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           11484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           11731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           11224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           13374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 3935404173500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               466215                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              196674                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 465289                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                     73                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                 10141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                 10303                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 10970                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 11021                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 11020                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 11019                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 11020                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 11021                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 11019                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 11014                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 11022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 11017                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 11013                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 11016                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 11015                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 11006                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 11005                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 11004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                    11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       387590                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   109.313037                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    89.673746                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   109.797338                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127       250039     64.51%     64.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255       111558     28.78%     93.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        16293      4.20%     97.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4392      1.13%     98.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1127      0.29%     98.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          741      0.19%     99.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          435      0.11%     99.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          345      0.09%     99.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2660      0.69%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       387590                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11004                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     42.671120                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    62.456912                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        11000     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            2      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6399            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        11004                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11004                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.870593                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.862536                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.521092                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16             712      6.47%      6.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17             152      1.38%      7.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18            9998     90.86%     98.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19             132      1.20%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20              10      0.09%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        11004                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  5341142000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            14066679500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                2326810000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    11477.39                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               30227.39                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        7.57                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        3.20                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     7.58                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     3.20                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     24.55                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  210433                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  63987                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                45.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               32.53                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                   5936746.84                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   41.45                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy              1504402200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy               820854375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             1868505600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy             653300640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        257277961200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        328735998540                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        2075050211250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          2665911233805                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           676.794663                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3448578398750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF 131411800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 355413974750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              1438101000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy               784678125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             1794280800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy             620978400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        257277961200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        322255076310                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        2080735230750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          2664906306585                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           676.539542                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3458218290750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF 131411800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 345774246750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     29819648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          29819648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     12567360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       12567360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       465932                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             465932                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       196365                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            196365                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      7577280                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total              7577280                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2      3193411                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total             3193411                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2     10770691                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total            10770691                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     465932                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    196365                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   465932                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  196365                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              29768384                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                  51264                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               12566336                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               29819648                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            12567360                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                   801                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            33540                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            34517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            34394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            27795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            26298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            26769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            25152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            28731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            27113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            30082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           30463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           27302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           26997                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           27169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           26381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           32428                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            14073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            14186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            14334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            12102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            11347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            11476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            10861                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            12275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            11304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            12736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           12346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           11585                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           11440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           11667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           11245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           13372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 3935408454000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               465932                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              196365                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 465066                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                     65                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                 10178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                 10305                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                 10938                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                 11008                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                 11004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                 11001                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                 10993                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                 11001                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                 10999                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                 11005                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                 10997                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                 10992                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                 10993                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                 11000                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                 10987                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                 10983                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                 10983                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                 10982                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       387475                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   109.258104                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean    89.646203                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   109.823945                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127       249982     64.52%     64.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255       111629     28.81%     93.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        16250      4.19%     97.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4352      1.12%     98.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1064      0.27%     98.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767          725      0.19%     99.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895          427      0.11%     99.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          372      0.10%     99.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2674      0.69%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       387475                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        10982                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     42.736660                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    62.289433                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        10977     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            3      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::5888-6143            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        10982                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        10982                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.879166                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.871350                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.513425                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16             687      6.26%      6.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::17             117      1.07%      7.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18           10024     91.28%     98.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::19             146      1.33%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::20               7      0.06%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        10982                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  5335463000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            14056669250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                2325655000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    11470.88                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               30220.88                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        7.56                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        3.19                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     7.58                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     3.19                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     24.57                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  209957                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  64050                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                45.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               32.62                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                   5942059.91                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   41.42                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy              1502739000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy               819946875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy             1865643000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy             652237920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy        257277961200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy        328691198250                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy        2075089509750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          2665899235995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           676.791617                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3448601795000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF 131411800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 355389321500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy              1438826760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy               785074125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy             1795162200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy             620103600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy        257277961200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy        322590359430                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy        2080441122750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          2664948610065                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           676.550281                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3457699869250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF 131411800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 346292668250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     29836928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          29836928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     12572928                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       12572928                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       466202                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             466202                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       196452                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            196452                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      7581670                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total              7581670                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3      3194826                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total             3194826                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3     10776497                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total            10776497                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     466202                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    196452                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   466202                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  196452                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              29780224                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                  56704                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               12571008                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               29836928                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            12572928                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                   886                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            33895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            34380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            34512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            27945                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            26308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            26382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            25328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            28853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            26904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            30300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           29998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           27581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           26670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           27470                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           26461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           32329                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            14121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            14242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            14270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            12194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            11440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            11363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            10921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            12310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            11244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            12715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           12287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           11644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           11347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           11761                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           11346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           13217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 3935400125500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               466202                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              196452                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 465251                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                     65                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                 10170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                 10312                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                 10954                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                 11012                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                 10999                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                 11005                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                 10999                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                 11003                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                 11005                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                 11006                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                 11008                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                 11000                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                 11002                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                 10999                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                 10998                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                 10987                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                 10987                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                 10986                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       387915                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   109.176907                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean    89.572948                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   109.842536                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127       250685     64.62%     64.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255       111447     28.73%     93.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        16191      4.17%     97.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4341      1.12%     98.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1032      0.27%     98.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767          731      0.19%     99.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895          441      0.11%     99.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          392      0.10%     99.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2655      0.68%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       387915                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        10986                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     42.738303                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    64.229525                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        10981     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            3      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6399            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        10986                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        10986                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.879301                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.871441                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.514864                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16             687      6.25%      6.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::17             128      1.17%      7.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18           10005     91.07%     98.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::19             156      1.42%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::20              10      0.09%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        10986                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  5343374000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            14068049000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                2326580000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    11483.32                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               30233.32                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        7.57                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        3.19                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     7.58                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     3.19                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     24.53                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  209885                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  63940                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                45.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               32.55                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                   5938846.10                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   41.38                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy              1506239280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy               821856750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy             1868880000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy             653579280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy        257277961200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy        329002507170                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy        2074816431750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          2665947455430                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           676.803858                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3448165346250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF 131411800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 355825851250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy              1438720920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy               785016375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy             1793750400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy             619235280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy        257277961200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy        322441574040                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy        2080571636250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          2664927894465                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           676.545022                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3457890551250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF 131411800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 346100758750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      7868867463                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    4132845                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                      8705702                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              8532288                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1814                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     240100                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       620425                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     8532288                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         1814                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           17288835                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           7031828                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                3048                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes               1440                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             4941049                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes            2715727                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      2024538                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    1256031                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    768507                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              7850500263.431002                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              18367199.568998                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.002334                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.997666                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           932317                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass               128520      1.48%      1.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  6494688     74.60%     76.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                   14318      0.16%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    42359      0.49%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                   1368      0.02%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 1256031     14.43%     91.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 768507      8.83%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                   8705791                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      7874188566                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    2790705                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                      5996511                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses              5866927                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                   154                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     166419                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       417951                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                     5866927                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                          154                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           11934187                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           4862605                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                 258                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                126                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads             3324258                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes            1767918                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      1441205                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                     896520                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                    544685                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              7862084230.981844                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              12104335.018156                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.001537                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.998463                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                           638092                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               108030      1.80%      1.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  4394203     73.28%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   15113      0.25%     75.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                    37863      0.63%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                    120      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                  896520     14.95%     90.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                 544685      9.08%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                   5996534                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      7872725267                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                 2239434151                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                   3131834334                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses           1364879980                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses            2127680264                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                    4832975                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts    125336949                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                  1364879980                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                   2127680264                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads         2745271546                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes         828380445                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads          4601234004                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes         2077617833                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads           735861821                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes          430114692                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                    408303575                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                  353593033                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                  54710542                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              4884233.824196                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              7867841033.175803                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.999380                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.000620                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                        163298038                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass              2281722      0.07%      0.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu               1676583711     53.53%     53.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   78965      0.00%     53.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    99370      0.00%     53.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd             1044495651     33.35%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead               353593033     11.29%     98.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite               54710542      1.75%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                3131842994                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      7867868554                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    2790393                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      6026758                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              5893171                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     166154                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       423709                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     5893171                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           11980321                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           4894219                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             3395267                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            1780134                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      1433472                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                     891132                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    542340                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              7855752388.252139                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              12116165.747862                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.001540                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.998460                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                           644124                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass               114330      1.90%      1.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  4425496     73.43%     75.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   12198      0.20%     75.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    41265      0.68%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                  891132     14.79%     91.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 542340      9.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   6026761                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  200                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 200                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                4077                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               4077                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq                19                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp               19                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1994                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2062                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1982                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2024                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           34                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          174                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2000                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2230                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          244                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1988                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2256                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    8592                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           26                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3988                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4058                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           11                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3964                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3997                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           87                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4151                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           44                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          122                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4146                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    16392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                83000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                51995                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy              282500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             2489997                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             2479499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             2742015                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             2495000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy               13998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1544500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             1521500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             1691000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             1720000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            1                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes         4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           24                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes        98304                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           24                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   3805944886                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000224                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  3805944695    100.00%    100.00% |         191      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   3805944886                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     3805944886                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.077696                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.004442                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         3.239406                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  3804921989     99.97%     99.97% |      991558      0.03%    100.00% |        6755      0.00%    100.00% |        6447      0.00%    100.00% |       13439      0.00%    100.00% |        4667      0.00%    100.00% |          25      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       3805944886                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   3801356520                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  3801356520    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   3801356520                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      4588366                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    65.446659                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    39.494857                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    67.497880                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     3565469     77.71%     77.71% |      991558     21.61%     99.32% |        6755      0.15%     99.46% |        6447      0.14%     99.60% |       13439      0.29%     99.90% |        4667      0.10%    100.00% |          25      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      4588366                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1974876                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        50999                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      2025875                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits      5417945                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses        56670                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses      5474615                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1411000                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses        29876                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1440876                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits      3679053                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses        35972                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3715025                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits    410732104                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses      4270577                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    415002681                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits   3373064213                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        81977                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses   3373146190                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles            33                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1401396                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        31112                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1432508                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits      3675933                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        31183                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3707116                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits      2647828                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses      1940538                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses      4588366                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     0.005931                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::0       107669                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::2        10382                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        74399                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        42164                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::2        20304                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        25259                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       176601                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        19284                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         2897                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       170712                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       861352                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       747504                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      5356728                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      3035808                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       162432                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      1818648                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1412808                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       154272                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        23176                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      1365696                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized     0.003939                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Request_Control::0        65848                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Data::2         2995                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        45216                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        47660                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Control::2         6774                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         6924                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       100430                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        30045                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         2808                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       109139                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       526784                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       215640                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3255552                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      3431520                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        54192                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       498528                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       803440                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       240360                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        22464                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       873112                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized     0.253320                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::0      4352554                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Data::2      1849623                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      2488462                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        17714                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::2         8216                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      2508361                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      7843362                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         3257                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         2586                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      5765874                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     34820432                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    133172856                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    179169264                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1275408                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        65728                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    180601992                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     62746896                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        26056                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        20688                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     46126992                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized     0.003548                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Request_Control::0        62295                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Data::2         3643                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        39751                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        40218                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::2        12674                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         7969                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        90682                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        21319                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         6011                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        99667                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       498360                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       262296                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      2862072                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      2895696                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       101392                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       573768                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       725456                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       170552                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        48088                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       797336                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     0.355071                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::0      4588366                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::1      1866643                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::2      3733292                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      2647828                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::2        19364                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      3333788                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      8211074                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      1570550                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        73905                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0        11642                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      8012051                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     36706928                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     14933144                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    268797024                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    190643616                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       154912                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    240032736                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     65688592                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     12564400                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       591240                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        93136                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     64096408                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.023249                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::1       468342                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::2       468357                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       196936                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       394281                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          768                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1           10                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       468352                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      3746736                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     33721704                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     14179392                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      3154248                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         6144                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1           80                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      3746816                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.023151                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::1       466199                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::2       466215                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       196290                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       392986                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          768                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       466205                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      3729592                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     33567480                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     14132880                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      3143888                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         6144                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      3729640                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.023130                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::1       465916                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::2       465932                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       195981                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       392362                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          768                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       465916                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      3727328                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     33547104                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     14110632                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      3138896                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         6144                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      3727328                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.023143                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::1       466186                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::2       466202                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       196068                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       392536                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          768                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       466186                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      3729488                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     33566544                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     14116896                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      3140288                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         6144                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      3729488                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.000017                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::2           69                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2           10                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1615                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         3072                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2         4968                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        12920                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        24576                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.064955                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Request_Control::0      4588366                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Request_Control::1      1866643                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::2      3733355                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      2647828                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        73883                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::2        33666                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      3333788                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      8211074                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      1572165                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         3072                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        73905                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0        14302                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      8012051                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     36706928                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     14933144                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    268801560                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    190643616                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      5319576                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       269328                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    240032736                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     65688592                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     12577320                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        24576                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       591240                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0       114416                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     64096408                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control     19365027                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     11200065                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data      7943484                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data       221649                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control       100998                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data     10001364                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     29358934                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Forwarded_Control       221763                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Invalidate_Control        40246                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Unblock_Control     24036153                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control    154920216                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data    806404680                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.ResponseL2hit_Data    571930848                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.ResponseLocal_Data     15958728                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control       807984                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    720098208                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    234871472                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Forwarded_Control      1774104                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Invalidate_Control       321968                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Unblock_Control    192289224                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     0.006968                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        10382                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        74399                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        22884                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        17405                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        88301                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        19284                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         2897                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       747504                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      5356728                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1647648                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       139240                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       706408                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       154272                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        23176                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004894                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0       107669                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        19280                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2899                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        25259                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        88300                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       170712                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       861352                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1388160                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        23192                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      1818648                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       706400                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      1365696                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization     0.004317                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2         2995                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        45216                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        17626                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         3966                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        50215                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        30045                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         2808                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       215640                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3255552                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1269072                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        31728                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       401720                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       240360                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        22464                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization     0.003561                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        65848                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        30034                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2808                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         6924                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        50215                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       109139                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       526784                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      2162448                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        22464                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       498528                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       401720                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       873112                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization     0.273835                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2      1849623                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      2488462                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        14463                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         5622                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      3921681                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         3257                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         2586                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    133172856                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    179169264                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1041336                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        44976                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     31373448                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        26056                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        20688                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization     0.232805                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0      4352554                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         3251                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2594                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      2508361                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      3921681                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      5765874                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     34820432                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       234072                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        20752                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    180601992                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     31373448                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     46126992                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization     0.004066                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2         3643                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        39751                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        18900                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         6663                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        45341                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        21319                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         6011                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       262296                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      2862072                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1360800                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        53304                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       362728                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       170552                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        48088                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization     0.003030                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        62295                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        21318                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         6011                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         7969                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        45341                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        99667                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       498360                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1534896                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        48088                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       573768                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       362728                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       797336                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     0.351686                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::0      4588366                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2      1866643                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2           10                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      2548513                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      4105537                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       785275                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      6145392                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     36706928                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    134398296                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           80                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    183492936                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     32844296                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      6282200                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     49163136                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     0.358456                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1      1866643                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2      1866649                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      2647828                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        19354                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       785275                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      4105537                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       785275                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        73905                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0        11642                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      1866659                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     14933144                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    134398728                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    190643616                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       154832                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     56539800                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     32844296                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      6282200                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       591240                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        93136                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     14933272                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.018466                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1       468342                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       196936                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       197345                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          384                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       468352                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      3746736                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     14179392                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      1578760                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         3072                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      3746816                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.028031                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2       468357                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       196936                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          384                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1           10                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     33721704                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      1575488                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         3072                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1           80                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.018398                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1       466199                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       196290                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       196696                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          384                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       466205                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      3729592                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     14132880                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      1573568                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         3072                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      3729640                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.027904                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2       466215                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       196290                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          384                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     33567480                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      1570320                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         3072                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.018374                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1       465916                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       195981                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       196381                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          384                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       465916                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      3727328                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     14110632                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      1571048                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         3072                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      3727328                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.027886                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2       465932                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       195981                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          384                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     33547104                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      1567848                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         3072                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.018383                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1       466186                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       196068                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       196468                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          384                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       466186                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      3729488                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     14116896                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      1571744                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         3072                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      3729488                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.027902                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2       466202                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       196068                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          384                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     33566544                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      1568544                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         3072                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000014                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2           69                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2           10                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1536                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2         4968                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        12288                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000020                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1615                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1536                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        12920                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        12288                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.006968                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        10382                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        74399                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        22884                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        17405                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        88300                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        19284                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         2897                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       747504                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      5356728                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1647648                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       139240                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       706400                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       154272                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        23176                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004317                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2         2995                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        45216                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        17626                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         3966                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        50215                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        30045                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         2808                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       215640                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3255552                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1269072                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        31728                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       401720                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       240360                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        22464                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.link_utilization     0.273835                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::2      1849623                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      2488462                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        14463                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::2         5622                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      3921681                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         3257                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         2586                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    133172856                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    179169264                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1041336                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        44976                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     31373448                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        26056                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        20688                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.link_utilization     0.004066                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::2         3643                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        39751                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        18900                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::2         6663                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        45341                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        21319                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         6011                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       262296                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      2862072                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1360800                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        53304                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       362728                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       170552                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        48088                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.link_utilization     0.351686                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::0      4588366                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::2      1866643                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::2           10                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      2548513                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      4105537                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       785275                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      6145392                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     36706928                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    134398296                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           80                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    183492936                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     32844296                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      6282200                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     49163136                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.link_utilization     0.018466                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::1       468342                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       196936                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       197345                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          384                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       468352                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      3746736                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     14179392                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      1578760                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         3072                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      3746816                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.link_utilization     0.018398                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Request_Control::1       466199                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       196290                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       196696                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          384                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       466205                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      3729592                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     14132880                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      1573568                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         3072                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      3729640                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.link_utilization     0.018374                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Request_Control::1       465916                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       195981                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       196381                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          384                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       465916                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      3727328                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     14110632                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      1571048                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         3072                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      3727328                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.link_utilization     0.018383                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Request_Control::1       466186                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       196068                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       196468                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          384                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       466186                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      3729488                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     14116896                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      1571744                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         3072                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      3729488                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.link_utilization     0.000014                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::2           69                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2           10                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1536                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2         4968                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        12288                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle10.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    362750500                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.511282                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.033108                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      8.155699                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   361962861     99.78%     99.78% |      769231      0.21%     99.99% |        4069      0.00%    100.00% |        4345      0.00%    100.00% |        7538      0.00%    100.00% |        2443      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     362750500                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    359368754                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   359368754    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    359368754                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3381746                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    55.843790                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    32.914346                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    64.460267                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     2594107     76.71%     76.71% |      769231     22.75%     99.46% |        4069      0.12%     99.58% |        4345      0.13%     99.70% |        7538      0.22%     99.93% |        2443      0.07%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      3381746                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     56402292                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       2.827393                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.078838                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     16.285142                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    56177229     99.60%     99.60% |      212578      0.38%     99.98% |        2549      0.00%     99.98% |        2058      0.00%     99.99% |        5718      0.01%    100.00% |        2146      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      56402292                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     55447008                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    55447008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     55447008                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       955284                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   108.893756                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    88.270122                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    64.919215                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      730221     76.44%     76.44% |      212578     22.25%     98.69% |        2549      0.27%     98.96% |        2058      0.22%     99.18% |        5718      0.60%     99.77% |        2146      0.22%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       955284                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   3386042946                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.001326                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000179                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.277007                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  3386037609    100.00%    100.00% |        5188      0.00%    100.00% |          25      0.00%    100.00% |          23      0.00%    100.00% |          73      0.00%    100.00% |          28      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   3386042946                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   3385837144                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  3385837144    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   3385837144                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       205802                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    22.816066                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    18.886420                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    28.045874                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      200465     97.41%     97.41% |        5188      2.52%     99.93% |          25      0.01%     99.94% |          23      0.01%     99.95% |          73      0.04%     99.99% |          28      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       205802                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       434086                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.775015                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.196834                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    11.769751                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |      433301     99.82%     99.82% |         744      0.17%     99.99% |           9      0.00%     99.99% |           6      0.00%     99.99% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       434086                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       409765                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      409765    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       409765                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        24321                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    32.680811                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    24.703684                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    39.052211                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       23536     96.77%     96.77% |         744      3.06%     99.83% |           9      0.04%     99.87% |           6      0.02%     99.89% |          16      0.07%     99.96% |          10      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        24321                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       157531                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean    13.109451                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.762906                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    39.620738                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      153458     97.41%     97.41% |        3817      2.42%     99.84% |         103      0.07%     99.90% |          15      0.01%     99.91% |          94      0.06%     99.97% |          40      0.03%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       157531                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       136318                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      136318    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       136318                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        21213                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    90.926649                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    67.380788                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    68.263485                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       17140     80.80%     80.80% |        3817     17.99%     98.79% |         103      0.49%     99.28% |          15      0.07%     99.35% |          94      0.44%     99.79% |          40      0.19%     99.98% |           2      0.01%     99.99% |           2      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        21213                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       157531                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      157531    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       157531                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       157531                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      157531    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       157531                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |      200683     25.08%     25.08% |      200045     25.00%     50.07% |      199731     24.96%     75.03% |      199851     24.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total       800310                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS    |      267659     25.10%     25.10% |      266154     24.96%     50.06% |      266185     24.96%     75.02% |      266335     24.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS::total      1066333                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX    |      196924     25.08%     25.08% |      196286     25.00%     50.08% |      195967     24.96%     75.03% |      196050     24.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX::total       785227                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTO_SHARERS |          12     25.00%     25.00% |           4      8.33%     33.33% |          14     29.17%     62.50% |          18     37.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTO_SHARERS::total           48                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Unblock |      141923     25.12%     25.12% |      141030     24.97%     50.09% |      140826     24.93%     75.02% |      141128     24.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Unblock::total       564907                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Last_Unblock |      125736     25.08%     25.08% |      125124     24.95%     50.03% |      125359     25.00%     75.03% |      125207     24.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Last_Unblock::total       501426                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      201067     25.08%     25.08% |      200429     25.00%     50.07% |      200115     24.96%     75.03% |      200235     24.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total       801846                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Dirty_Writeback |      196936     25.08%     25.08% |      196290     25.00%     50.07% |      195981     24.96%     75.03% |      196068     24.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Dirty_Writeback::total       785275                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      468357     25.09%     25.09% |      466215     24.98%     50.07% |      465932     24.96%     75.03% |      466202     24.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1866706                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      197320     25.08%     25.08% |      196674     25.00%     50.07% |      196365     24.96%     75.03% |      196452     24.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       786811                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          25     31.65%     31.65% |          22     27.85%     59.49% |          16     20.25%     79.75% |          16     20.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           79                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |         384     25.00%     25.00% |         384     25.00%     50.00% |         384     25.00%     75.00% |         384     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         1536                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_ACK |          10     62.50%     62.50% |           6     37.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_ACK::total           16                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX  |       70684     25.08%     25.08% |       70559     25.03%     50.11% |       70364     24.96%     75.08% |       70252     24.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX::total       281859                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETS  |      141923     25.12%     25.12% |      141030     24.97%     50.09% |      140826     24.93%     75.02% |      141128     24.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETS::total       564907                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Memory_Ack |      196926     25.08%     25.08% |      196292     25.00%     50.08% |      195969     24.96%     75.03% |      196057     24.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Memory_Ack::total       785244                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          15     23.81%     23.81% |          16     25.40%     49.21% |          16     25.40%     74.60% |          16     25.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           63                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |         384     25.00%     25.00% |         384     25.00%     50.00% |         384     25.00%     75.00% |         384     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total         1536                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETX  |      129999     25.07%     25.07% |      129486     24.98%     50.05% |      129367     24.95%     75.00% |      129599     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETX::total       518451                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETS  |      125736     25.08%     25.08% |      125124     24.95%     50.03% |      125359     25.00%     75.03% |      125207     24.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETS::total       501426                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.Memory_Ack |          12     25.00%     25.00% |           4      8.33%     33.33% |          14     29.17%     62.50% |          18     37.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.Memory_Ack::total           48                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX  |      196924     25.08%     25.08% |      196286     25.00%     50.08% |      195967     24.96%     75.03% |      196050     24.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX::total       785227                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTO_SHARERS |          12     25.00%     25.00% |           4      8.33%     33.33% |          14     29.17%     62.50% |          18     37.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTO_SHARERS::total           48                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          10     62.50%     62.50% |           6     37.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           16                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Unblock |      141923     25.12%     25.12% |      141030     24.97%     50.09% |      140826     24.93%     75.02% |      141128     24.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Unblock::total       564907                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Memory_Data |      141923     25.12%     25.12% |      141030     24.97%     50.09% |      140826     24.93%     75.02% |      141128     24.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Memory_Data::total       564907                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Last_Unblock |      125736     25.08%     25.08% |      125124     24.95%     50.03% |      125359     25.00%     75.03% |      125207     24.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Last_Unblock::total       501426                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Memory_Data |      125736     25.08%     25.08% |      125124     24.95%     50.03% |      125359     25.00%     75.03% |      125207     24.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Memory_Data::total       501426                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock |      200683     25.08%     25.08% |      200045     25.00%     50.07% |      199731     24.96%     75.03% |      199851     24.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock::total       800310                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Data |      200683     25.08%     25.08% |      200045     25.00%     50.07% |      199731     24.96%     75.03% |      199851     24.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Data::total       800310                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Ack::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Dirty_Writeback |      196924     25.08%     25.08% |      196286     25.00%     50.08% |      195967     24.96%     75.03% |      196050     24.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Dirty_Writeback::total       785227                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MIS.Dirty_Writeback |          12     25.00%     25.00% |           4      8.33%     33.33% |          14     29.17%     62.50% |          18     37.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MIS.Dirty_Writeback::total           48                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_M.Memory_Data |          15     23.81%     23.81% |          16     25.40%     49.21% |          16     25.40%     74.60% |          16     25.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_M.Memory_Data::total           63                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Exclusive_Unblock |         384     25.00%     25.00% |         384     25.00%     50.00% |         384     25.00%     75.00% |         384     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Exclusive_Unblock::total         1536                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Memory_Ack |         382     25.16%     25.16% |         378     24.90%     50.07% |         381     25.10%     75.16% |         377     24.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Memory_Ack::total         1518                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MD.DMA_ACK |          10     62.50%     62.50% |           6     37.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MD.DMA_ACK::total           16                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           79                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        1536    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         1536                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             79                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.DMA_Ack       |        1536    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.DMA_Ack::total         1536                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.All_Acks      |        1536    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.All_Acks::total         1536                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           79                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        1536    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         1536                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           79                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.DMA_Ack |        1536    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.DMA_Ack::total         1536                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.All_Acks |        1536    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.All_Acks::total         1536                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     1158939      0.32%      0.32% |      832224      0.23%      0.55% |   359932608     99.22%     99.77% |      826826      0.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    362750597                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     5474615      0.00%      0.00% |     3715025      0.00%      0.00% |18446744072787730432    100.00%    100.00% |     3707116      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total 18446744072800626688                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |      866936      1.52%      1.52% |      608652      1.06%      2.58% |    55070169     96.36%     98.94% |      605683      1.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     57151440                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |       93514      2.27%      2.27% |       55075      1.34%      3.60% |     3925795     95.16%     98.77% |       50914      1.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      4125298                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Own_GETX  |           4     18.18%     18.18% |          11     50.00%     68.18% |           6     27.27%     95.45% |           1      4.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Own_GETX::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |        4299     22.24%     22.24% |        8736     45.19%     67.43% |         301      1.56%     68.98% |        5996     31.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total        19332                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |       14979     27.45%     27.45% |       21304     39.05%     66.50% |        2945      5.40%     71.90% |       15331     28.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        54559                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_DMA   |           2     20.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           8     80.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_DMA::total           10                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |        2897     20.26%     20.26% |        2808     19.63%     39.89% |        2586     18.08%     57.97% |        6011     42.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        14302                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |       17405     51.71%     51.71% |        3966     11.78%     63.50% |        5622     16.70%     80.20% |        6663     19.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total        33656                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |       78617      2.87%      2.87% |       50155      1.83%      4.70% |     2565104     93.52%     98.22% |       48848      1.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total      2742724                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data |       29048      1.57%      1.57% |       15682      0.85%      2.42% |     1787444     96.85%     99.27% |       13446      0.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total      1845620                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |       63042      4.05%      4.05% |       43291      2.78%      6.83% |     1413320     90.77%     97.60% |       37372      2.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total      1557025                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack_Data |       25259      0.99%      0.99% |        6924      0.27%      1.26% |     2508361     98.42%     99.69% |        7969      0.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack_Data::total      2548513                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks  |       16623      1.66%      1.66% |        5383      0.54%      2.20% |      972689     97.19%     99.39% |        6123      0.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks::total      1000818                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_Timeout |       29053      1.57%      1.57% |       15693      0.85%      2.42% |     1787450     96.85%     99.27% |       13447      0.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_Timeout::total      1845643                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       34376      1.02%      1.02% |       24493      0.72%      1.74% |     3297888     97.52%     99.26% |       24989      0.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total      3381746                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |       56670     27.54%     27.54% |       35972     17.48%     45.02% |       81977     39.83%     84.85% |       31183     15.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total       205802                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |       11269      1.99%      1.99% |        3913      0.69%      2.68% |      547058     96.67%     99.36% |        3638      0.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total       565878                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        5206     26.65%     26.65% |        4860     24.88%     51.54% |        3893     19.93%     71.47% |        5573     28.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        19532                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      277865      0.18%      0.18% |      200039      0.13%      0.31% |   152417821     99.53%     99.85% |      235115      0.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total    153130840                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     5417945      0.00%      0.00% |     3679053      0.00%      0.00% |18446744072787648512    100.00%    100.00% |     3675933      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total 18446744072800421888                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        5350      1.23%      1.23% |        1459      0.34%      1.57% |      425625     97.86%     99.43% |        2484      0.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total       434918                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |       70654      3.08%      3.08% |       45760      2.00%      5.08% |     2136511     93.17%     98.25% |       40132      1.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total      2293057                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Fwd_GETS |        1964     46.50%     46.50% |         587     13.90%     60.39% |         752     17.80%     78.20% |         921     21.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Fwd_GETS::total         4224                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        2897     20.26%     20.26% |        2808     19.63%     39.89% |        2586     18.08%     57.97% |        6011     42.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total        14302                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load    |          64      1.20%      1.20% |         132      2.47%      3.67% |         158      2.96%      6.64% |        4981     93.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load::total         5335                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store   |           4     18.18%     18.18% |          11     50.00%     68.18% |           6     27.27%     95.45% |           1      4.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_Replacement |          34      9.94%      9.94% |         145     42.40%     52.34% |         122     35.67%     88.01% |          41     11.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_Replacement::total          342                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETX |        3880     21.43%     21.43% |        8494     46.91%     68.33% |          35      0.19%     68.53% |        5699     31.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETX::total        18108                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETS |        1923     10.50%     10.50% |        9833     53.69%     64.19% |          60      0.33%     64.52% |        6499     35.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETS::total        18315                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |       42525      0.25%      0.25% |       49778      0.29%      0.55% |    16773934     99.36%     99.90% |       16304      0.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     16882541                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |        4858      4.11%      4.11% |        1191      1.01%      5.11% |      112148     94.78%     99.89% |         133      0.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total       118330                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |        3002      0.47%      0.47% |         208      0.03%      0.50% |      633977     99.29%     99.80% |        1303      0.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       638490                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |         309     62.68%     62.68% |          19      3.85%     66.53% |          22      4.46%     70.99% |         143     29.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total          493                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |        3954     21.41%     21.41% |        8708     47.15%     68.57% |          70      0.38%     68.94% |        5735     31.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total        18467                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load  |       10526      1.94%      1.94% |        7003      1.29%      3.23% |      519372     95.66%     98.89% |        6028      1.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load::total       542929                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store |         387      0.56%      0.56% |         148      0.21%      0.77% |       68472     99.11%     99.88% |          83      0.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store::total        69090                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.L1_Replacement |           8      3.86%      3.86% |           0      0.00%      3.86% |         199     96.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.L1_Replacement::total          207                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           3     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETS::total            6                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_Timeout |       12043      1.55%      1.55% |       10162      1.31%      2.86% |      746289     96.20%     99.07% |        7241      0.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_Timeout::total       775735                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |      791407      0.42%      0.42% |      550403      0.29%      0.71% |   186727185     99.00%     99.71% |      538981      0.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total    188607976                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |      803562      1.48%      1.48% |      593641      1.10%      2.58% |    52206780     96.33%     98.91% |      592128      1.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total     54196111                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement |       14610      1.24%      1.24% |        4102      0.35%      1.59% |     1151071     98.08%     99.67% |        3865      0.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement::total      1173648                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX |         110     15.05%     15.05% |         223     30.51%     45.55% |         244     33.38%     78.93% |         154     21.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX::total          731                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS |        7138     52.74%     52.74% |        2170     16.03%     68.77% |        2060     15.22%     83.99% |        2167     16.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS::total        13535                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_DMA |           2     20.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           8     80.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_DMA::total           10                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load |        2176      1.09%      1.09% |         376      0.19%      1.28% |      196154     98.50%     99.79% |         427      0.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load::total       199133                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store |       41506      2.35%      2.35% |        8289      0.47%      2.82% |     1710080     96.77%     99.59% |        7216      0.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store::total      1767091                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.L1_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          22    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.L1_Replacement::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     25.00%     25.00% |           3     25.00%     50.00% |           6     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETS::total           12                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_Timeout |       17010      1.59%      1.59% |        5531      0.52%      2.11% |     1041161     97.31%     99.42% |        6206      0.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_Timeout::total      1069908                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |        7833     47.17%     47.17% |        2797     16.84%     64.01% |        2224     13.39%     77.41% |        3752     22.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total        16606                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data |       11269      1.99%      1.99% |        3913      0.69%      2.68% |      547058     96.67%     99.36% |        3638      0.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data::total       565878                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        9330     57.69%     57.69% |        1092      6.75%     64.44% |        2939     18.17%     82.62% |        2811     17.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total        16172                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Exclusive_Data |        5350      1.23%      1.23% |        1459      0.34%      1.57% |      425625     97.86%     99.43% |        2484      0.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Exclusive_Data::total       434918                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Own_GETX |           4     18.18%     18.18% |          11     50.00%     68.18% |           6     27.27%     95.45% |           1      4.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Own_GETX::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack    |         242     27.56%     27.56% |          77      8.77%     36.33% |         459     52.28%     88.61% |         100     11.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack::total          878                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks |       16623      1.66%      1.66% |        5383      0.54%      2.20% |      972689     97.19%     99.39% |        6123      0.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks::total      1000818                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |       78617      2.87%      2.87% |       50155      1.83%      4.70% |     2565104     93.52%     98.22% |       48848      1.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total      2742724                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data |       12429      1.47%      1.47% |       10310      1.22%      2.69% |      814761     96.44%     99.13% |        7324      0.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data::total       844824                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Load   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          72     98.63%     98.63% |           1      1.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Load::total           73                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack |       63042      4.05%      4.05% |       43291      2.78%      6.83% |     1413320     90.77%     97.60% |       37372      2.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack::total      1557025                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack_Data |        7612      1.03%      1.03% |        2469      0.34%      1.37% |      723191     98.26%     99.63% |        2760      0.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total       736032                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack_Data |          34      9.94%      9.94% |         145     42.40%     52.34% |         122     35.67%     88.01% |          41     11.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total          342                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          24    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load::total           24                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack_Data |       17613      0.97%      0.97% |        4310      0.24%      1.21% |     1785048     98.51%     99.71% |        5168      0.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total      1812139                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS        3587555      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX        1000819      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTO            342      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX        1812138      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTS_only      2119586      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTS         173473      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Fwd_DMA             16      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.All_Acks        800310      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Data           1866643      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_WBCLEANDATA       736032      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_WBDIRTYDATA      1812481      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack       785275      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock        4299749      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock      1845643      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.DmaAck              10      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement      1413271      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS      1066333      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX       358945      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_GETS         4224      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_GETX       337385      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_PUTS_only       729799      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_PUTS         6233      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_GETS        32002      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_GETX         1224      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_PUTX      1812138      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.Fwd_DMA           10      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_GETS         8145      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_GETX         1877      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_PUTO           83      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_GETS        10170      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_GETX        16253      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTO          259      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTS_only        10101      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTS         2809      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L1_GETS      1468743      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L1_GETX        16127      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement       620788      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_GETS         7315      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_GETX          133      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_PUTS_only           12      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_PUTS         7233      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L2_Replacement           48      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_GETS       159327      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_GETX        87853      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_PUTS_only      1379674      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_PUTS       157196      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L2_Replacement         7208      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS       831289      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX       181021      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_DMA            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement       785227      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA           83      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.Unblock        10101      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA          259      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.Unblock         2809      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSW.L1_PUTS            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSW.Unblock       157196      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILSW.L1_WBCLEANDATA         6233      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IW.L1_WBCLEANDATA       729799      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SW.Unblock      1379674      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OXW.Unblock           12      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXW.Unblock         7233      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXW.L1_GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXW.L1_GETX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA      1812139      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLS.Unblock         4224      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOX.Unblock         8145      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOX.Exclusive_Unblock          133      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.L1_GETS            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.Unblock        18467      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.Exclusive_Unblock        16636      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOSX.Unblock        10170      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.L1_GETS            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.Exclusive_Unblock        16253      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.Data       1066333      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.Unblock      1066333      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGM.Data        375072      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMLS.Data       425238      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.All_Acks       800310      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.Exclusive_Unblock       800310      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock       181021      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.Unblock      1468743      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OO.Exclusive_Unblock       831290      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXS.Unblock         7315      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.Unblock       159327      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack       785227      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSI.Writeback_Ack           48      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXD.DmaAck           10      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  3.951931                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                3951931309500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               56149482252001                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 156628                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   219860                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              273977589                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2180844                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 14424.29                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2259244583                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3171329632                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     30734848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          30734848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     13046784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       13046784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       480232                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             480232                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       203856                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            203856                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      7777172                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total              7777172                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0      3301369                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             3301369                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0     11078541                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            11078541                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     480232                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    203856                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   480232                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  203856                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              30678400                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  56448                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               13044736                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               30734848                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            13046784                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   882                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            34506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            35260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            35424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            28872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            27241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            27567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            26144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            29936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            27754                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            31226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           31011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           28329                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           27877                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           27995                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           26975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           33233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            14547                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            14668                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            14860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            12633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            11749                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            11907                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            11277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            12733                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            11707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            13410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           12794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           12109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           11889                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           12084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           11718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           13739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 3951929127000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               480232                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              203856                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 479082                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                    265                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                 10495                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                 10651                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                 11349                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                 11438                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                 11425                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                 11427                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                 11427                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                 11420                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                 11430                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                 11430                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                 11427                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                 11421                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                 11422                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                 11424                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                 11425                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                 11408                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                 11407                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                 11405                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       399113                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   109.550929                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    89.803473                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   109.751277                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       257244     64.45%     64.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255       114900     28.79%     93.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        16836      4.22%     97.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4512      1.13%     98.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1257      0.31%     98.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          867      0.22%     99.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          485      0.12%     99.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          394      0.10%     99.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2618      0.66%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       399113                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11405                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     42.403858                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    61.754173                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        11401     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            2      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6399            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        11405                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11405                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.871460                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.862873                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.538386                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16             780      6.84%      6.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17             130      1.14%      7.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18           10281     90.14%     98.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19             204      1.79%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20              10      0.09%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        11405                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  5473469999                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            14461282499                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                2396750000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    11418.53                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               30168.53                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        7.76                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        3.30                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     7.78                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     3.30                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     24.52                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  218300                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  65762                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                45.54                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               32.26                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                   5776930.93                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   41.58                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy              1545891480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy               843492375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             1926748200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy             676343520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        258357634080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        332849858400                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        2081359687500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          2677559655555                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           676.911173                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3459031938250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF 131963780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 360932009500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy              1483967520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy               809704500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             1845784200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy             644436000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        258357634080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        327648706155                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        2085922101750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          2676712334205                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           676.696963                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3466780485000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF 131963780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 353190281250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     30583424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          30583424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     12997952                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       12997952                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       477866                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             477866                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       203093                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            203093                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      7738855                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total              7738855                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1      3289013                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total             3289013                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1     11027868                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            11027868                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     477866                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    203093                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   477866                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  203093                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              30527936                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  55488                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               12996480                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               30583424                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            12997952                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   867                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            34452                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            35216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            35412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            28691                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            27053                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            27384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            26056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            29561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            27723                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            30871                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           30590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           28561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           27562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           28075                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           26760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           33032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            14510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            14533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            14696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            12607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            11618                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            11883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            11345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            12548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            11714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            13385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           12716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           12122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           11955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           12071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           11612                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           13755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 3951930543000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               477866                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              203093                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 476771                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                    227                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                 10469                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                 10638                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 11329                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 11383                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 11380                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 11379                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 11381                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 11381                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 11378                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 11373                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 11381                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 11376                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 11373                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 11375                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 11376                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 11365                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 11364                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 11363                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       397025                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   109.626547                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    89.779699                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   110.352961                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127       256148     64.52%     64.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255       113905     28.69%     93.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        16762      4.22%     97.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4603      1.16%     98.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1238      0.31%     98.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          820      0.21%     99.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          489      0.12%     99.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          380      0.10%     99.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2680      0.68%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       397025                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11363                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     42.347179                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    61.609801                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        11359     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            2      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6399            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        11363                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11363                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.871161                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.863029                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.523634                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16             739      6.50%      6.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17             156      1.37%      7.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18           10309     90.72%     98.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19             148      1.30%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20              11      0.10%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        11363                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  5457436499                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            14401167749                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                2384995000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    11441.19                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               30191.19                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        7.72                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        3.29                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     7.74                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     3.29                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     24.55                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  217329                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  65716                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                45.56                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               32.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                   5803477.95                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   41.62                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy              1539594000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy               840056250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             1917411600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy             672235200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        258357634080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        333346948560                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        2080923643500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          2677597523190                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           676.920747                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3458316333250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF 131963780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 361648901500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              1474237800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy               804395625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             1836151200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy             643658400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        258357634080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        326705338485                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        2086749617250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          2676571032840                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           676.661241                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3468197022500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF 131963780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 351773743750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     30555776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          30555776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     12975040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       12975040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       477434                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             477434                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       202735                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            202735                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      7731859                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total              7731859                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2      3283215                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total             3283215                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2     11015074                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total            11015074                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     477434                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    202735                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   477434                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  202735                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              30503424                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                  52352                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               12973184                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               30555776                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            12975040                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                   818                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            34153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            35379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            34965                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            28548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            27121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            27636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            25882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            29661                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            27731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            30840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           31075                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           28061                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           27771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           27848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           26965                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           32980                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            14401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            14538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            14692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            12521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            11661                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            11957                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            11213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            12635                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            11694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            13365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           12746                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           12020                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           11886                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           12003                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           11599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           13775                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 3951933015500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               477434                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              202735                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 476395                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                    220                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                 10496                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                 10632                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                 11290                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                 11369                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                 11362                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                 11360                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                 11352                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                 11360                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                 11359                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                 11363                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                 11354                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                 11349                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                 11352                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                 11358                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                 11345                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                 11340                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                 11339                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                 11338                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       396764                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   109.578329                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean    89.755516                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   110.382876                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127       255985     64.52%     64.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255       113920     28.71%     93.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        16739      4.22%     97.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4553      1.15%     98.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1184      0.30%     98.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767          805      0.20%     99.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895          478      0.12%     99.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          408      0.10%     99.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2692      0.68%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       396764                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11338                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     42.405098                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    61.449857                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        11333     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            3      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::5888-6143            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        11338                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11338                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.878462                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.870519                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.517705                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16             718      6.33%      6.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::17             123      1.08%      7.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18           10328     91.09%     98.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::19             159      1.40%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::20               9      0.08%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        11338                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  5457517750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            14394067750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                2383080000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    11450.56                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               30200.56                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        7.72                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        3.28                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     7.73                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     3.28                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     24.57                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  216839                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  65721                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                45.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               32.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                   5810222.19                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   41.59                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy              1536895080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy               838583625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy             1913628600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy             671444640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy        258357634080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy        333254981340                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy        2081004316500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          2677577483865                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           676.915681                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3458414365500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF 131963780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 361554979750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy              1474903080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy               804758625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy             1836775200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy             642090240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy        258357634080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy        327047558220                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy        2086449424500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          2676613143945                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           676.671887                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3467668603000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF 131963780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 352302163250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     30572416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          30572416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     12980864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       12980864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       477694                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             477694                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       202826                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            202826                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      7736070                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total              7736070                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3      3284689                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total             3284689                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3     11020758                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total            11020758                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     477694                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    202826                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   477694                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  202826                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              30514944                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                  57472                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               12979008                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               30572416                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            12980864                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                   898                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            34499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            35254                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            35083                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            28700                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            27109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            27269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            26059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            29808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            27527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            31068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           30608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           28310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           27406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           28147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           27073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           32876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            14455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            14628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            14645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            12571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            11756                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            11825                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            11283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            12697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            11650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            13321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           12693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           12072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           11774                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           12111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           11711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           13605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 3951928950000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               477694                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              202826                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 476563                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                    231                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                 10501                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                 10645                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                 11303                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                 11368                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                 11357                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                 11364                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                 11359                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                 11359                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                 11363                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                 11363                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                 11364                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                 11358                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                 11361                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                 11357                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                 11356                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                 11343                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                 11342                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                 11342                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       397176                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   109.508329                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean    89.689278                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   110.434937                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127       256618     64.61%     64.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255       113830     28.66%     93.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        16611      4.18%     97.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4544      1.14%     98.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1156      0.29%     98.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767          811      0.20%     99.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895          506      0.13%     99.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          426      0.11%     99.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2674      0.67%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       397176                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11342                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     42.409363                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    63.360552                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        11337     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            3      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6399            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        11342                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11342                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.880180                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.872254                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.517242                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16             712      6.28%      6.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::17             128      1.13%      7.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18           10322     91.01%     98.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::19             168      1.48%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::20              11      0.10%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::21               1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        11342                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  5456945250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            14396870250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                2383980000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    11445.03                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               30195.03                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        7.72                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        3.28                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     7.74                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     3.28                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     24.53                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  216757                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  65662                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                45.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               32.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                   5807219.41                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   41.56                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy              1540803600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy               840716250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy             1917068400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy             673012800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy        258357634080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy        333550122210                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy        2080745421000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          2677624778340                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           676.927637                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3458001546250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF 131963780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 361967880000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy              1474169760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy               804358500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy             1835106000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy             641111760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy        258357634080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy        326896420725                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy        2086582001250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          2676590802075                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           676.666238                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3467862604500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF 131963780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 352106934250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      7902261695                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    8697744                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     17059705                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             16800185                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                 20178                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     397194                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      1246495                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    16800185                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                        20178                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           33673878                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          13739638                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads               32863                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes              15936                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             9412523                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes            5884912                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      3808820                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    2320165                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   1488655                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              7863926730.307808                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              38334964.692192                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.004851                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.995149                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          1800655                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass               152126      0.89%      0.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 13015243     76.29%     77.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                   22343      0.13%     77.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    46566      0.27%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                  14975      0.09%     77.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                     48      0.00%     77.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 2320165     13.60%     91.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                1488655      8.73%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  17060121                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      7907429086                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    4778723                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                      9744413                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses              9557984                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                 21323                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     246526                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       696255                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                     9557984                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                        21323                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           19510999                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           7756270                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads               34025                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes              16565                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads             5233941                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes            2827448                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      2395514                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    1442109                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                    953405                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              7885612006.904045                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              21817079.095954                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.002759                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.997241                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          1037893                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               127246      1.31%      1.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  7150269     73.38%     74.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   16993      0.17%     74.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                    38668      0.40%     75.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                  15842      0.16%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                     16      0.00%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 1442109     14.80%     90.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                 953405      9.78%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                   9744548                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      7905782070                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                 2241052427                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                   3134893303                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses           1367884490                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses            2127683828                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                    4905940                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts    125560641                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                  1367884490                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                   2127683828                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads         2751381852                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes         830813522                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads          4601239627                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes         2077620590                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads           737460695                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes          431188390                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                    409023866                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                  354041500                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                  54982366                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              29616086.514756                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              7876165983.485245                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.996254                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.003746                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                        163617224                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass              2298979      0.07%      0.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu               1678898858     53.56%     53.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   80821      0.00%     53.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                   101429      0.00%     53.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd             1044498217     33.32%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                     32      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead               354041500     11.29%     98.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite               54982366      1.75%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                3134902202                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      7899863625                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    3304527                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      7024574                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              6870219                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                  7516                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     194232                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       488121                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     6870219                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                         7516                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           14008433                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           5666198                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads               12420                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes               6032                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             3856354                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            2065797                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      1696260                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    1046529                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    649731                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              7885018926.542391                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              14844698.457609                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.001879                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.998121                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                           748519                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass               122976      1.75%      1.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  5145275     73.25%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   12927      0.18%     75.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    41499      0.59%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   5760      0.08%     75.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 1046529     14.90%     90.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 649731      9.25%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   7024697                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 5086                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                5086                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                7302                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               7302                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               558                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              558                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          264                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          262                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          262                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          264                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         1052                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          126                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1576                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         5066                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2296                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         9086                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           24                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1026                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          572                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2310                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3950                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           34                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1668                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         3822                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2312                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         7854                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1052                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          618                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2274                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3950                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   25892                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          524                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          524                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         2104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           72                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         3152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         2533                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        10393                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         2052                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          286                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4620                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           24                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         7006                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         3336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1911                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         9927                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         2104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          309                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4548                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         6973                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    36403                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy               164000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy              4519982                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             6283500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             3068486                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             3085493                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             3336008                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             3052998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              779996                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             7400000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             3034500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             6332000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             3037500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            1                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes         4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           26                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes       106496                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           26                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   7627120717                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000377                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  7627119633    100.00%    100.00% |        1084      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   7627120717                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     7627120717                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.078663                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.004515                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         3.256752                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  7625055947     99.97%     99.97% |     2001244      0.03%    100.00% |       13670      0.00%    100.00% |       13057      0.00%    100.00% |       27255      0.00%    100.00% |        9481      0.00%    100.00% |          50      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       7627120717                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   7617759860                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  7617759860    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   7617759860                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      9360857                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    65.093336                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    39.272579                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    67.372746                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     7296087     77.94%     77.94% |     2001244     21.38%     99.32% |       13670      0.15%     99.47% |       13057      0.14%     99.61% |       27255      0.29%     99.90% |        9481      0.10%    100.00% |          50      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      9360857                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits      3717051                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses       101587                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      3818638                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits     11390155                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses        88628                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses     11478783                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles             5                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits      2343754                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses        56271                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      2400025                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits      6358185                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses        50848                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses      6409033                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles             3                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits    411426858                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses      4299361                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    415726219                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits   3375168153                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        97557                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses   3375265710                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles            33                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1654851                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        42017                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1696868                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits      4344333                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        36222                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4380555                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits      2773280                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses      1999211                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses      4772491                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     0.010551                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::0       190215                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::2        29451                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       133528                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        49178                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::2        22991                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        63291                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       327547                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        22018                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         3271                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       290699                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0      1521720                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      2120472                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      9614016                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      3540816                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       183928                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      4556952                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2620376                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       176144                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        26168                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      2325592                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized     0.006320                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Request_Control::0       107119                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Data::2        16043                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        70523                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        54167                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Control::2         8435                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        26275                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       174442                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        33754                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         3225                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       168065                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       856952                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1155096                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      5077656                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      3900024                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        67480                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      1891800                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1395536                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       270032                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        25800                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      1344520                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized     0.254827                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::0      4396918                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Data::2      1860513                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      2518769                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        24501                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::2        10174                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      2528934                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      7923638                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         6905                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         2834                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      5829803                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     35175344                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    133956936                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    181351368                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1764072                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        81392                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    182083248                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     63389104                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        55240                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        22672                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     46638424                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized     0.004454                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Request_Control::0        78239                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Data::2         7156                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        50460                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        43946                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::2        13546                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        14539                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       118714                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        23383                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         6152                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       123057                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       625912                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       515232                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3633120                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      3164112                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       108368                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      1046808                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       949712                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       187064                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        49216                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       984456                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     0.365933                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::0      4772491                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::1      1913163                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::2      3826369                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      2773280                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::2        24182                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      3443885                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      8544340                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      1621692                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        86060                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1           55                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0        12761                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      8324805                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     38179928                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     15305304                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    275498568                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    199676160                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       193456                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    247959720                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     68354720                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     12973536                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       688480                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1          440                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0       102088                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     66598440                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.023791                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::1       480217                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::2       480240                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       203440                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       407323                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          832                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1           20                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       480229                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      3841736                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     34577280                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     14647680                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      3258584                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         6656                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1          160                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      3841832                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.023683                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::1       477850                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::2       477877                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       202677                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       405792                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          832                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1           17                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       477856                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      3822800                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     34407144                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     14592744                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      3246336                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         6656                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1          136                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      3822848                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.023655                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::1       477418                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::2       477445                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       202319                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       405070                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          832                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1           11                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       477418                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      3819344                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     34376040                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     14566968                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      3240560                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         6656                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1           88                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      3819344                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.023667                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::1       477678                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::2       477701                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       202410                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       405252                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          832                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1            7                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       477678                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      3821424                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     34394472                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     14573520                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      3242016                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         6656                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1           56                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      3821424                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.000018                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::2           69                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1745                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         3328                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2         4968                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2          864                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        13960                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        26624                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.066992                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Request_Control::0      4772491                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Request_Control::1      1913163                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::2      3826432                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      2773280                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        85902                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::2        39664                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      3443885                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      8544340                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      1623437                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         3328                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        86060                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1           55                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0        15482                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      8324805                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     38179928                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     15305304                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    275503104                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    199676160                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      6184944                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       317312                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    247959720                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     68354720                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     12987496                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        26624                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       688480                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1          440                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0       123856                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     66598440                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control     20056962                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     11479296                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data      8319840                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data       257706                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control       118992                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data     10331655                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     30513316                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Forwarded_Control       258345                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Invalidate_Control        43725                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Unblock_Control     24974415                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control    160455696                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data    826509312                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.ResponseL2hit_Data    599028480                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.ResponseLocal_Data     18554832                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control       951936                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    743879160                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    244106528                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Forwarded_Control      2066760                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Invalidate_Control       349800                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Unblock_Control    199795320                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     0.012148                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        29451                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       133528                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        27198                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        19716                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       163774                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        22018                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         3271                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      2120472                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      9614016                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1958256                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       157728                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1310192                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       176144                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        26168                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     0.008954                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0       190215                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        21980                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         3275                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        63291                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       163773                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       290699                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0      1521720                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1582560                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        26200                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      4556952                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1310184                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      2325592                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization     0.006913                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        16043                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        70523                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        20483                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         5210                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        87221                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        33754                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         3225                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1155096                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      5077656                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1474776                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        41680                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       697768                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       270032                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        25800                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization     0.005727                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0       107119                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        33684                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         3225                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        26275                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        87221                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       168065                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       856952                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      2425248                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        25800                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      1891800                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       697768                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      1344520                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization     0.275504                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2      1860513                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      2518769                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        17616                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         7332                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      3961819                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         6905                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         2834                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    133956936                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    181351368                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1268352                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        58656                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     31694552                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        55240                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        22672                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization     0.234150                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0      4396918                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         6885                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2842                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      2528934                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      3961819                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      5829803                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     35175344                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       495720                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        22736                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    182083248                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     31694552                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     46638424                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization     0.005062                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2         7156                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        50460                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        20593                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         7394                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        59357                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        23383                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         6152                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       515232                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3633120                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1482696                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        59152                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       474856                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       187064                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        49216                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization     0.003845                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        78239                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        23353                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         6152                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        14539                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        59357                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       123057                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       625912                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1681416                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        49216                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      1046808                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       474856                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       984456                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     0.361741                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::0      4772491                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2      1913163                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      2633039                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      4272170                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       810846                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1           55                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      6411624                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     38179928                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    137747736                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           96                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    189578808                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     34177360                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      6486768                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1          440                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     51292992                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     0.370125                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1      1913163                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2      1913206                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      2773280                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        24170                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       810846                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      4272170                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       810846                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        86060                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0        12761                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      1913181                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     15305304                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    137750832                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    199676160                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       193360                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     58380912                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     34177360                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      6486768                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       688480                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0       102088                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     15305448                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.018951                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1       480217                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       203440                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       203883                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          416                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       480229                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      3841736                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     14647680                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      1631064                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         3328                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      3841832                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.028631                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2       480232                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       203440                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          416                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1           20                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     34576704                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      1627520                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         3328                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1          160                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.018873                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1       477850                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2           11                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       202677                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       203115                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          416                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       477856                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      3822800                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          792                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     14592744                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      1624920                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         3328                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      3822848                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.028492                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2       477866                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       202677                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          416                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1           17                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     34406352                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      1621416                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         3328                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1          136                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.018845                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1       477418                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2           11                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       202319                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       202751                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          416                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       477418                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      3819344                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          792                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     14566968                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      1622008                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         3328                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      3819344                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.028465                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2       477434                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       202319                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          416                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1           11                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     34375248                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      1618552                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         3328                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1           88                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.018854                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1       477678                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2            7                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       202410                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       202842                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          416                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       477678                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      3821424                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          504                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     14573520                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      1622736                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         3328                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      3821424                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.028480                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2       477694                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       202410                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          416                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1            7                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     34393968                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      1619280                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         3328                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1           56                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000015                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2           69                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1664                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2         4968                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2          864                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        13312                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000022                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1745                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1664                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        13960                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        13312                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.012148                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        29451                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       133528                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        27198                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        19716                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       163773                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        22018                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         3271                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      2120472                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      9614016                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1958256                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       157728                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1310184                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       176144                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        26168                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.006913                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2        16043                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        70523                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        20483                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         5210                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        87221                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        33754                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         3225                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1155096                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      5077656                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1474776                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        41680                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       697768                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       270032                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        25800                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.link_utilization     0.275504                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::2      1860513                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      2518769                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        17616                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::2         7332                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      3961819                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         6905                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         2834                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    133956936                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    181351368                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1268352                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        58656                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     31694552                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        55240                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        22672                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.link_utilization     0.005062                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::2         7156                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        50460                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        20593                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::2         7394                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        59357                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        23383                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         6152                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       515232                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3633120                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1482696                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        59152                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       474856                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       187064                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        49216                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.link_utilization     0.361741                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::0      4772491                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::2      1913163                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::2           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      2633039                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      4272170                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       810846                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1           55                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      6411624                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     38179928                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    137747736                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           96                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    189578808                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     34177360                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      6486768                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1          440                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     51292992                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.link_utilization     0.018951                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::1       480217                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       203440                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       203883                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          416                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       480229                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      3841736                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     14647680                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      1631064                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         3328                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      3841832                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.link_utilization     0.018873                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Request_Control::1       477850                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::2           11                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       202677                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       203115                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          416                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       477856                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      3822800                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          792                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     14592744                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      1624920                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         3328                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      3822848                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.link_utilization     0.018845                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Request_Control::1       477418                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::2           11                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       202319                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       202751                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          416                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       477418                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      3819344                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          792                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     14566968                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      1622008                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         3328                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      3819344                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.link_utilization     0.018854                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Request_Control::1       477678                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::2            7                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       202410                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       202842                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          416                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       477678                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      3821424                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          504                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     14573520                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      1622736                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         3328                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      3821424                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.link_utilization     0.000015                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::2           69                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1664                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2         4968                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2          864                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        13312                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle10.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    727609802                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.514082                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.033346                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      8.174363                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   726026331     99.78%     99.78% |     1546341      0.21%     99.99% |        8191      0.00%    100.00% |        8768      0.00%    100.00% |       15207      0.00%    100.00% |        4938      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     727609802                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    720775698                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   720775698    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    720775698                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      6834104                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    55.732960                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    32.864362                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    64.394257                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     5250633     76.83%     76.83% |     1546341     22.63%     99.46% |        8191      0.12%     99.58% |        8768      0.13%     99.70% |       15207      0.22%     99.93% |        4938      0.07%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      6834104                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples    114269846                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       2.832712                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.079280                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     16.305202                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |   113813331     99.60%     99.60% |      431155      0.38%     99.98% |        5168      0.00%     99.98% |        4179      0.00%     99.99% |       11620      0.01%    100.00% |        4364      0.00%    100.00% |          26      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total     114269846                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    112320525                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   112320525    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    112320525                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1949321                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   108.434172                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    87.563755                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    65.112031                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     1492806     76.58%     76.58% |      431155     22.12%     98.70% |        5168      0.27%     98.96% |        4179      0.21%     99.18% |       11620      0.60%     99.77% |        4364      0.22%    100.00% |          26      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1949321                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   6783577027                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.001593                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000208                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.313581                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  6783562590    100.00%    100.00% |       14035      0.00%    100.00% |          77      0.00%    100.00% |          64      0.00%    100.00% |         189      0.00%    100.00% |          72      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   6783577027                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   6783097970                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  6783097970    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   6783097970                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       479057                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    23.554391                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    19.130904                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    29.728077                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      464620     96.99%     96.99% |       14035      2.93%     99.92% |          77      0.02%     99.93% |          64      0.01%     99.95% |         189      0.04%     99.98% |          72      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       479057                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       954634                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.692502                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.185259                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    11.570581                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |      952872     99.82%     99.82% |        1673      0.18%     99.99% |          20      0.00%     99.99% |          14      0.00%     99.99% |          34      0.00%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       954634                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       904157                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      904157    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       904157                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        50477                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    33.009034                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    24.887069                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    39.516666                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       48715     96.51%     96.51% |        1673      3.31%     99.82% |          20      0.04%     99.86% |          14      0.03%     99.89% |          34      0.07%     99.96% |          21      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        50477                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       354704                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean    12.484393                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.746324                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    38.452025                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      346119     97.58%     97.58% |        8040      2.27%     99.85% |         214      0.06%     99.91% |          32      0.01%     99.92% |         205      0.06%     99.97% |          86      0.02%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       354704                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       306806                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      306806    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       306806                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        47898                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    86.046557                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    62.091448                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    68.506772                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       39313     82.08%     82.08% |        8040     16.79%     98.86% |         214      0.45%     99.31% |          32      0.07%     99.38% |         205      0.43%     99.80% |          86      0.18%     99.98% |           4      0.01%     99.99% |           4      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        47898                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       354704                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      354704    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       354704                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       354704                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      354704    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       354704                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |      206895     25.08%     25.08% |      206177     24.99%     50.08% |      205880     24.96%     75.03% |      205939     24.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total       824891                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS    |      273322     25.12%     25.12% |      271673     24.96%     50.08% |      271538     24.95%     75.03% |      271739     24.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS::total      1088272                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX    |      203428     25.09%     25.09% |      202671     25.00%     50.09% |      202305     24.95%     75.04% |      202392     24.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX::total       810796                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTO_SHARERS |          12     24.00%     24.00% |           6     12.00%     36.00% |          14     28.00%     64.00% |          18     36.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTO_SHARERS::total           50                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Unblock |      145940     25.14%     25.14% |      144949     24.97%     50.10% |      144696     24.92%     75.02% |      145023     24.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Unblock::total       580608                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Last_Unblock |      127382     25.09%     25.09% |      126724     24.96%     50.05% |      126842     24.99%     75.04% |      126716     24.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Last_Unblock::total       507664                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      207311     25.08%     25.08% |      206593     24.99%     50.08% |      206296     24.96%     75.03% |      206355     24.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total       826555                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Dirty_Writeback |      203440     25.09%     25.09% |      202677     25.00%     50.09% |      202319     24.95%     75.04% |      202410     24.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Dirty_Writeback::total       810846                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      480232     25.10%     25.10% |      477866     24.98%     50.08% |      477434     24.95%     75.03% |      477694     24.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1913226                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      203856     25.09%     25.09% |      203093     25.00%     50.09% |      202735     24.95%     75.04% |      202826     24.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       812510                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          27     33.33%     33.33% |          22     27.16%     60.49% |          16     19.75%     80.25% |          16     19.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           81                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |         416     25.00%     25.00% |         416     25.00%     50.00% |         416     25.00%     75.00% |         416     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         1664                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_ACK |          12     66.67%     66.67% |           6     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_ACK::total           18                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |           8     21.62%     21.62% |          11     29.73%     51.35% |          11     29.73%     81.08% |           7     18.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total           37                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX  |       74535     25.07%     25.07% |       74437     25.04%     50.12% |       74248     24.98%     75.09% |       74038     24.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX::total       297258                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETS  |      145940     25.14%     25.14% |      144949     24.97%     50.10% |      144696     24.92%     75.02% |      145023     24.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETS::total       580608                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Memory_Ack |      203430     25.09%     25.09% |      202677     25.00%     50.09% |      202308     24.95%     75.04% |      202399     24.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Memory_Ack::total       810814                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          15     23.81%     23.81% |          16     25.40%     49.21% |          16     25.40%     74.60% |          16     25.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           63                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |         408     25.08%     25.08% |         405     24.89%     49.97% |         405     24.89%     74.86% |         409     25.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total         1627                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETX  |      132360     25.09%     25.09% |      131740     24.97%     50.05% |      131632     24.95%     75.00% |      131901     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETX::total       527633                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETS  |      127382     25.09%     25.09% |      126724     24.96%     50.05% |      126842     24.99%     75.04% |      126716     24.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETS::total       507664                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.Memory_Ack |          12     24.00%     24.00% |           6     12.00%     36.00% |          14     28.00%     64.00% |          18     36.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.Memory_Ack::total           50                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX  |      203428     25.09%     25.09% |      202671     25.00%     50.09% |      202305     24.95%     75.04% |      202392     24.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX::total       810796                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTO_SHARERS |          12     24.00%     24.00% |           6     12.00%     36.00% |          14     28.00%     64.00% |          18     36.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTO_SHARERS::total           50                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          12     66.67%     66.67% |           6     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           18                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |           8     21.62%     21.62% |          11     29.73%     51.35% |          11     29.73%     81.08% |           7     18.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total           37                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Unblock |      145940     25.14%     25.14% |      144949     24.97%     50.10% |      144696     24.92%     75.02% |      145023     24.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Unblock::total       580608                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Memory_Data |      145940     25.14%     25.14% |      144949     24.97%     50.10% |      144696     24.92%     75.02% |      145023     24.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Memory_Data::total       580608                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Last_Unblock |      127382     25.09%     25.09% |      126724     24.96%     50.05% |      126842     24.99%     75.04% |      126716     24.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Last_Unblock::total       507664                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Memory_Data |      127382     25.09%     25.09% |      126724     24.96%     50.05% |      126842     24.99%     75.04% |      126716     24.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Memory_Data::total       507664                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock |      206895     25.08%     25.08% |      206177     24.99%     50.08% |      205880     24.96%     75.03% |      205939     24.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock::total       824891                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Data |      206895     25.08%     25.08% |      206177     24.99%     50.08% |      205880     24.96%     75.03% |      205939     24.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Data::total       824891                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Ack::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Dirty_Writeback |      203428     25.09%     25.09% |      202671     25.00%     50.09% |      202305     24.95%     75.04% |      202392     24.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Dirty_Writeback::total       810796                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MIS.Dirty_Writeback |          12     24.00%     24.00% |           6     12.00%     36.00% |          14     28.00%     64.00% |          18     36.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MIS.Dirty_Writeback::total           50                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_M.Memory_Data |          15     23.81%     23.81% |          16     25.40%     49.21% |          16     25.40%     74.60% |          16     25.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_M.Memory_Data::total           63                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Exclusive_Unblock |         416     25.00%     25.00% |         416     25.00%     50.00% |         416     25.00%     75.00% |         416     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Exclusive_Unblock::total         1664                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Memory_Ack |         414     25.17%     25.17% |         410     24.92%     50.09% |         412     25.05%     75.14% |         409     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Memory_Ack::total         1645                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.OI_D.Data |           8     21.62%     21.62% |          11     29.73%     51.35% |          11     29.73%     81.08% |           7     18.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.OI_D.Data::total           37                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MD.DMA_ACK |          12     66.67%     66.67% |           6     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MD.DMA_ACK::total           18                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        1664    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         1664                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.DMA_Ack       |        1664    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.DMA_Ack::total         1664                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.All_Acks      |        1664    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.All_Acks::total         1664                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        1664    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         1664                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.DMA_Ack |        1664    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.DMA_Ack::total         1664                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.All_Acks |        1664    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.All_Acks::total         1664                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     2167676      0.59%      0.59% |     1356667      0.37%      0.97% |   360359014     98.77%     99.73% |      976055      0.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    364859412                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    11478787      0.00%      0.00% |     6409033      0.00%      0.00% |18446744072789850112    100.00%    100.00% |     4380555      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total 18446744072812118016                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     1650969      2.81%      2.81% |     1043359      1.77%      4.58% |    55367305     94.19%     98.77% |      720816      1.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     58782449                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      170003      3.96%      3.96% |       93869      2.18%      6.14% |     3967337     92.33%     98.47% |       65747      1.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      4296956                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Own_GETX  |          38     24.05%     24.05% |          70     44.30%     68.35% |          20     12.66%     81.01% |          30     18.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Own_GETX::total          158                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |        5412     22.46%     22.46% |       10170     42.21%     64.67% |        1631      6.77%     71.44% |        6882     28.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total        24095                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |       17022     26.63%     26.63% |       24282     37.99%     64.62% |        5523      8.64%     73.26% |       17094     26.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        63921                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_DMA   |           4     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           8     66.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_DMA::total           12                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |        3271     21.13%     21.13% |        3225     20.83%     41.96% |        2834     18.31%     60.26% |        6152     39.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        15482                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |       19716     49.72%     49.72% |        5210     13.14%     62.86% |        7332     18.49%     81.35% |        7394     18.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total        39652                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |      129107      4.53%      4.53% |       72708      2.55%      7.08% |     2590662     90.90%     97.98% |       57524      2.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total      2850001                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data |       61070      3.18%      3.18% |       34341      1.79%      4.96% |     1806236     93.96%     98.92% |       20685      1.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total      1922332                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |      100483      6.13%      6.13% |       60946      3.72%      9.85% |     1432885     87.42%     97.27% |       44818      2.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total      1639132                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack_Data |       63291      2.40%      2.40% |       26275      1.00%      3.40% |     2528934     96.05%     99.45% |       14539      0.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack_Data::total      2633039                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks  |       34709      3.32%      3.32% |       17490      1.67%      4.99% |      984108     94.00%     98.99% |       10571      1.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks::total      1046878                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_Timeout |       61109      3.18%      3.18% |       34411      1.79%      4.97% |     1806256     93.95%     98.92% |       20715      1.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_Timeout::total      1922491                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       66878      1.94%      1.94% |       38781      1.12%      3.06% |     3315253     96.03%     99.09% |       31446      0.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total      3452358                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |       88628     32.43%     32.43% |       50848     18.61%     51.04% |       97557     35.70%     86.74% |       36222     13.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total       273255                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |       24781      4.10%      4.10% |       14847      2.46%      6.55% |      557290     92.15%     98.71% |        7823      1.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total       604741                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        6222     25.35%     25.35% |        6648     27.09%     52.44% |        5297     21.58%     74.02% |        6377     25.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        24544                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      495980      0.32%      0.32% |      321811      0.21%      0.53% |   152522425     99.29%     99.82% |      275028      0.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total    153615244                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |    11390155      0.00%      0.00% |     6358185      0.00%      0.00% |18446744072789751808    100.00%    100.00% |     4344333      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total 18446744072811843584                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        9890      2.24%      2.24% |        2573      0.58%      2.82% |      426798     96.57%     99.39% |        2718      0.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total       441979                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      116309      4.86%      4.86% |       66634      2.79%      7.65% |     2160636     90.32%     97.97% |       48551      2.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total      2392130                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Fwd_GETS |        2223     41.37%     41.37% |         863     16.06%     57.42% |        1203     22.39%     79.81% |        1085     20.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Fwd_GETS::total         5374                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        3271     21.13%     21.13% |        3225     20.83%     41.96% |        2834     18.31%     60.26% |        6152     39.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total        15482                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load    |         298      4.83%      4.83% |         240      3.89%      8.72% |         494      8.01%     16.73% |        5137     83.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load::total         6169                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store   |          38     24.05%     24.05% |          70     44.30%     68.35% |          20     12.66%     81.01% |          30     18.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store::total          158                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_Replacement |         123     16.92%     16.92% |         295     40.58%     57.50% |         208     28.61%     86.11% |         101     13.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_Replacement::total          727                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETX |        3949     20.95%     20.95% |        8857     46.99%     67.94% |         205      1.09%     69.03% |        5838     30.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETX::total        18849                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETS |        2076     11.01%     11.01% |       10003     53.03%     64.04% |         182      0.96%     65.00% |        6601     35.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETS::total        18862                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |      108341      0.64%      0.64% |       84013      0.49%      1.13% |    16810334     98.68%     99.81% |       33193      0.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     17035881                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |       13427     10.13%     10.13% |        2838      2.14%     12.27% |      115446     87.10%     99.37% |         831      0.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total       132542                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |        6927      1.07%      1.07% |        3037      0.47%      1.53% |      636909     98.05%     99.58% |        2706      0.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       649579                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |         395     38.09%     38.09% |         350     33.75%     71.84% |          78      7.52%     79.36% |         214     20.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total         1037                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |        4112     20.91%     20.91% |        9238     46.97%     67.88% |         340      1.73%     69.61% |        5978     30.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total        19668                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load  |       21519      3.82%      3.82% |       10953      1.94%      5.76% |      524218     92.95%     98.71% |        7295      1.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load::total       563985                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store |        1627      2.23%      2.23% |        1454      2.00%      4.23% |       69308     95.20%     99.43% |         412      0.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store::total        72801                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.L1_Replacement |           8      3.64%      3.64% |           0      0.00%      3.64% |         199     90.45%     94.09% |          13      5.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.L1_Replacement::total          220                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETX |          43     68.25%     68.25% |           2      3.17%     71.43% |           3      4.76%     76.19% |          15     23.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETX::total           63                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETS |          91     29.35%     29.35% |         118     38.06%     67.42% |          22      7.10%     74.52% |          79     25.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETS::total          310                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_Timeout |       24773      3.09%      3.09% |       15467      1.93%      5.01% |      752840     93.78%     98.79% |        9732      1.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_Timeout::total       802812                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |     1470204      0.77%      0.77% |      899213      0.47%      1.25% |   186988040     98.42%     99.67% |      623178      0.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total    189980635                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |     1484084      2.67%      2.67% |      948444      1.71%      4.38% |    52436132     94.40%     98.78% |      676966      1.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total     55545626                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement |       40414      3.29%      3.29% |       17255      1.40%      4.69% |     1164066     94.66%     99.35% |        7999      0.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement::total      1229734                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX |        1022     24.77%     24.77% |         951     23.05%     47.82% |        1341     32.50%     80.32% |         812     19.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX::total         4126                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS |        8199     45.62%     45.62% |        3422     19.04%     64.65% |        3528     19.63%     84.28% |        2825     15.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS::total        17974                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_DMA |           4     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           8     66.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_DMA::total           12                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load |        4449      2.17%      2.17% |        1656      0.81%      2.98% |      198150     96.64%     99.62% |         775      0.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load::total       205030                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store |      117122      5.90%      5.90% |       73132      3.68%      9.59% |     1762311     88.80%     98.39% |       32036      1.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store::total      1984601                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.L1_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          22    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.L1_Replacement::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETX |           3     15.00%     15.00% |          10     50.00%     65.00% |           4     20.00%     85.00% |           3     15.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETX::total           20                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETS |         321     18.52%     18.52% |         638     36.81%     55.34% |         248     14.31%     69.65% |         526     30.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETS::total         1733                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_Timeout |       36336      3.25%      3.25% |       18944      1.69%      4.94% |     1053416     94.08%     99.02% |       10983      0.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_Timeout::total      1119679                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |        9446     45.78%     45.78% |        3576     17.33%     63.11% |        3378     16.37%     79.48% |        4234     20.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total        20634                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data |       24781      4.10%      4.10% |       14847      2.46%      6.55% |      557290     92.15%     98.71% |        7823      1.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data::total       604741                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        9604     56.87%     56.87% |        1212      7.18%     64.05% |        3080     18.24%     82.29% |        2991     17.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total        16887                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Exclusive_Data |        9890      2.24%      2.24% |        2573      0.58%      2.82% |      426798     96.57%     99.39% |        2718      0.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Exclusive_Data::total       441979                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Own_GETX |          38     24.05%     24.05% |          70     44.30%     68.35% |          20     12.66%     81.01% |          30     18.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Own_GETX::total          158                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack    |         666     31.25%     31.25% |         422     19.80%     51.06% |         874     41.01%     92.07% |         169      7.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack::total         2131                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks |       34709      3.32%      3.32% |       17490      1.67%      4.99% |      984108     94.00%     98.99% |       10571      1.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks::total      1046878                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |      129107      4.53%      4.53% |       72708      2.55%      7.08% |     2590662     90.90%     97.98% |       57524      2.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total      2850001                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data |       26399      3.01%      3.01% |       16921      1.93%      4.95% |      822148     93.89%     98.84% |       10144      1.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data::total       875612                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Load   |           4      5.00%      5.00% |           0      0.00%      5.00% |          75     93.75%     98.75% |           1      1.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Load::total           80                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Ifetch |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Ifetch::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack |      100483      6.13%      6.13% |       60946      3.72%      9.85% |     1432885     87.42%     97.27% |       44818      2.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack::total      1639132                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack_Data |       15826      2.10%      2.10% |        5688      0.76%      2.86% |      727751     96.65%     99.50% |        3733      0.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total       752998                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack_Data |         123     16.92%     16.92% |         295     40.58%     57.50% |         208     28.61%     86.11% |         101     13.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total          727                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load   |           3     10.00%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |          25     83.33%     93.33% |           2      6.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load::total           30                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack_Data |       47342      2.52%      2.52% |       20292      1.08%      3.60% |     1800975     95.83%     99.43% |       10705      0.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total      1879314                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS        3725972      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX        1046900      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTO            728      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX        1879313      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTS_only      2191530      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTS         200606      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX            37      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Fwd_DMA             18      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.All_Acks        824891      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Data           1913163      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_WBCLEANDATA       752998      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_WBDIRTYDATA      1880041      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack       810846      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock        4489133      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock      1922491      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.DmaAck              12      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement      1451734      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS      1088272      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX       374721      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_GETS         5374      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_GETX       342792      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_PUTS_only       745910      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_PUTS         7088      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_GETS        37642      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_GETX         5163      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_PUTX      1879313      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.Fwd_DMA           12      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_GETS         8534      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_GETX         1938      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_PUTO          295      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_GETS        10328      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_GETX        17069      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTO          432      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTS_only        10772      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTS         2892      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L1_GETS      1524892      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L1_GETX        18084      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement       633315      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_GETS         7448      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_GETX          210      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_PUTS_only          172      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_PUTS         7336      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L2_Replacement           50      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_GETS       185485      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_GETX        89294      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_PUTS_only      1434674      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_PUTS       183286      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L2_Replacement         7573      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS       857638      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX       197607      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX           37      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_DMA            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement       810796      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.L1_PUTO            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA          295      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.Unblock        10772      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.L1_PUTS_only            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA          432      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.Unblock         2892      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSW.L1_GETS            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSW.L1_PUTS            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSW.Unblock       183286      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILSW.L1_WBCLEANDATA         7088      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IW.L1_WBCLEANDATA       745910      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SW.Unblock      1434674      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OXW.Unblock          172      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXW.Unblock         7336      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXW.L1_GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXW.L1_GETX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA      1879314      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLS.L1_GETS            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLS.Unblock         5374      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOX.Unblock         8534      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOX.Exclusive_Unblock          210      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.L1_GETS          149      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.L1_GETX           20      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.Unblock        19668      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.Exclusive_Unblock        25075      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOSX.Unblock        10328      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.L1_GETS           85      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.L1_GETX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.Exclusive_Unblock        17069      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.L1_GETS          113      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.Data       1088272      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.Unblock      1088272      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGM.Data        392805      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMLS.Data       432086      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.All_Acks       824891      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.Exclusive_Unblock       824891      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock       197607      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.Unblock      1524892      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OO.Exclusive_Unblock       857639      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXS.Unblock         7448      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.L1_GETS            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.Unblock       185485      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack       810796      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSI.Writeback_Ack           50      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXD.DmaAck           12      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
