
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.462841                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                462840600500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               52370042194501                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 141057                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   254571                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              242866963                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1831028                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1905.74                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   268817427                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     485144508                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0       239872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            239872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0        77312                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total          77312                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0         3748                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               3748                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0         1208                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              1208                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0       518260                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total               518260                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0       167038                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total              167038                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0       685299                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total              685299                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                       3748                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                      1208                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                     3748                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                    1208                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                237120                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   2752                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                  76096                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                 239872                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys               77312                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    43                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0              135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1              134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2              198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3              183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4              100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5              271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6              178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7              136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8              173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9              314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10             324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11             360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12             237                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13             330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14             269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15             363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0               66                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1              165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3              162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4               37                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7               32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8               74                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9               17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10              50                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12             162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13             163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15             123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 462840613000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                 3748                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                1208                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                   3641                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                     64                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                    57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                    70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                    70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                    81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                    72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                    66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                    81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                    66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                    76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                    73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                    58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                    58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                    60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                    63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                    60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                    57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                    58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                    57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples         1737                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   180.320092                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   118.291488                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   229.592584                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127          916     52.73%     52.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255          490     28.21%     80.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383          158      9.10%     90.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511           41      2.36%     92.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639           18      1.04%     93.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767           10      0.58%     94.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895           10      0.58%     94.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            7      0.40%     94.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           87      5.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total         1737                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples           57                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean    208.526316                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  1180.628542                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-511           54     94.74%     94.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023            1      1.75%     96.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535            1      1.75%     98.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      1.75%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total           57                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples           57                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     20.859649                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    20.753206                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.207444                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16               1      1.75%      1.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18               7     12.28%     14.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20              24     42.11%     56.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21               2      3.51%     59.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22              16     28.07%     87.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::23               3      5.26%     92.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::24               2      3.51%     96.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::25               1      1.75%     98.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::31               1      1.75%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total           57                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                    37720750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat              107189500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                  18525000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    10181.04                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               28931.04                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.51                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.16                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.52                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.17                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     21.44                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                    2120                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                   1037                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                57.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               85.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                  93389954.20                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   64.26                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                12421080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                 6777375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy               37603800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy               3823200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy         30453081360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy         11752928325                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        269439631500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          311706266640                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           668.540779                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 446515316250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  15455180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    870053250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                19618200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                10704375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy               55294200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy               3881520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy         30453081360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy         12821747580                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        268502062500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          311866389735                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           668.884227                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 445387795250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  15455180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1995069750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1       237184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total            237184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1        75712                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total          75712                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1         3706                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total               3706                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1         1183                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total              1183                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1       512453                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total               512453                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1       163581                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total              163581                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1       676034                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total              676034                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                       3706                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                      1183                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                     3706                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                    1183                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                235200                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1984                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                  74112                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                 237184                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys               75712                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    31                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0              121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1              124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2              195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3              206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4              120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5              275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6              167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7              119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8              171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9              305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10             326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11             368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12             219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13             325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14             281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15             353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0               64                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1              163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2              129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3              162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4               32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7               32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8               72                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9               17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10              49                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12             160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13             165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14              12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15              97                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 462840377500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                 3706                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                1183                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                   3603                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                     72                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                    55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                    63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                    64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                    83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                    67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                    63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                    76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                    63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                    82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                    72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                    60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                    59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                    61                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                    66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                    64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                    57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                    58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                    56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples         1721                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   179.802440                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   117.097517                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   230.411821                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127          933     54.21%     54.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255          460     26.73%     80.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383          155      9.01%     89.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511           36      2.09%     92.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639           21      1.22%     93.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767           13      0.76%     94.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895           11      0.64%     94.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           10      0.58%     95.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           82      4.76%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total         1721                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples           56                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean    210.892857                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  1190.911319                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-511           53     94.64%     94.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023            1      1.79%     96.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535            1      1.79%     98.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      1.79%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total           56                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples           56                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     20.678571                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    20.598002                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.820161                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16               2      3.57%      3.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18               5      8.93%     12.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19               1      1.79%     14.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20              24     42.86%     57.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21               1      1.79%     58.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22              18     32.14%     91.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::23               1      1.79%     92.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::24               3      5.36%     98.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::25               1      1.79%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total           56                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                    35464750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              104371000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                  18375000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                     9650.27                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               28400.27                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.51                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.16                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.51                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.16                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     26.06                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                    2083                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                   1029                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                56.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               86.98                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                  94669743.81                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   64.06                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                12511800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                 6826875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy               37104600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy               3771360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy         30453081360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy         11762924985                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        269430862500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          311707083480                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           668.542531                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 446493018000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  15455180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    892655500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                19436760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                10605375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy               55286400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy               3732480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy         30453081360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy         12822060510                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        268501788000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          311865990885                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           668.883372                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 445384857250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  15455180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1998007750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                       929129197                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                     401833                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                       846383                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses               831332                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                   387                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                      24895                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts        55527                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                      831332                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                          387                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads            1681956                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes            678772                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                 622                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                354                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads              445740                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes             259366                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                       202508                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     123847                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                     78661                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              927310032.085804                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              1819164.914196                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.001958                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.998042                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                            87955                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                 9668      1.14%      1.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                   629834     74.41%     75.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    1679      0.20%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                     2478      0.29%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                    239      0.03%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  123847     14.63%     90.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                  78661      9.29%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                    846406                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                       927586147                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  265726239                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                    479149883                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            269522339                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses             270602519                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                    9863904                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     14996195                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   269522339                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                    270602519                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          512450728                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         176031057                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads           446698678                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes          249457043                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           106884201                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           82956853                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     84016452                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   62863238                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  21153214                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              3540760.516071                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              924045386.483929                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.996183                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.003817                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         27043279                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                10594      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                244750896     51.08%     51.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                    2379      0.00%     51.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                     1737      0.00%     51.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd              150367922     31.38%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                62863238     13.12%     95.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               21153214      4.41%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                 479149980                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                       923313579                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                     367542                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                       778517                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses               763432                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                    33                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                      21479                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts        56190                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                      763432                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                           33                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads            1539904                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes            627844                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                  14                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                 25                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads              435199                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes             233988                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                       183467                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     113568                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                     69899                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              921557119.033303                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              1756459.966696                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.001902                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.998098                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                            84534                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                11648      1.50%      1.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                   577844     74.22%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    1574      0.20%     75.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                     3971      0.51%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                     17      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  113568     14.59%     91.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                  69899      8.98%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                    778521                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                       923892829                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    1003746                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      1943811                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              1914186                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1778                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                      40860                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       157614                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     1914186                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                         1778                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads            3894528                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           1559157                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                2988                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes               1416                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             1114014                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes             648848                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                       445058                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                     274243                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    170815                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              919736530.316310                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              4156298.683690                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.004499                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.995501                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                           214043                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                19823      1.02%      1.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  1469459     75.59%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                    2365      0.12%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                     5851      0.30%     77.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   1344      0.07%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                  274243     14.11%     91.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 170815      8.79%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   1943900                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  101                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 101                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                 567                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                567                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq                18                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp               18                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          248                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          324                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          270                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          302                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           34                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          162                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          252                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          464                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          254                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          268                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    1372                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           26                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           11                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          549                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          540                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          586                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           81                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          637                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          508                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     2336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                82000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                31996                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy              120000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy              318499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              309995                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy              327498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy              314998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy                9498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy              242000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy              229500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy              362000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy              202500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           33                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes       135168                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           33                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples    461993030                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000658                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   461992830    100.00%    100.00% |         200      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total    461993030                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples      461993030                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.012472                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.001851                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         0.706959                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |   461989836    100.00%    100.00% |        3090      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |          28      0.00%    100.00% |          46      0.00%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total        461993030                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    461700980                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   461700980    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    461700980                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       292050                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    20.728755                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    18.645093                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    20.041015                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |      288856     98.91%     98.91% |        3090      1.06%     99.96% |           9      0.00%     99.97% |          28      0.01%     99.98% |          46      0.02%     99.99% |          21      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       292050                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits       198137                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses         4829                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       202966                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits       521202                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses         6257                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses       527459                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits     83787584                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses       231945                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     84019529                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits    374792145                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses        12473                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses    374804618                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles             3                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits       179215                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses         4540                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       183755                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits       476659                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses         5705                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses       482364                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits       432017                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        15185                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       447202                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits      1314021                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        11116                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses      1325137                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       274278                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        17772                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       292050                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers0.percent_links_utilized     0.005041                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Request_Control::0        11086                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Data::2         1052                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2         7281                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         5175                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2305                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         1632                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        16662                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         2442                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0           98                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        17785                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0        88688                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        75744                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       524232                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       372600                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        18440                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       117504                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       133296                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        19536                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0          784                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       142280                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.percent_links_utilized     0.101461                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Request_Control::0       244418                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Data::2         3488                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       238305                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         3908                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         1613                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        40792                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       484590                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         1295                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          555                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       445921                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0      1955344                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       251136                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     17157960                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       281376                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        12904                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      2937024                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      3876720                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        10360                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         4440                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      3567368                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.percent_links_utilized     0.004913                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Request_Control::0        10245                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Data::2         1659                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2         6308                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         4934                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Control::2         1365                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         2167                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        15524                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         2658                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          672                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        15840                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0        81960                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       119448                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       454176                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       355248                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        10920                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       156024                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       124192                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        21264                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         5376                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       126720                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.percent_links_utilized     0.012759                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Request_Control::0        26301                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Data::2         1255                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        22384                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         6611                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Control::2         1051                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         8653                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        48662                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         3951                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          358                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        41979                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       210408                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        90360                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      1611648                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       475992                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         8408                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       623016                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       389296                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        31608                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         2864                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       335832                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.percent_links_utilized     0.121354                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Request_Control::0       292050                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Request_Control::1         7454                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::2        14908                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       274278                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2968                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        53523                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       565438                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          558                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        10346                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1           28                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1159                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       529007                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0      2336400                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1        59632                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1073376                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     19748016                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        23744                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      3853656                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      4523504                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4464                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        82768                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1          224                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         9272                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      4232056                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.percent_links_utilized     0.001245                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Request_Control::1         3748                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::2         3748                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          152                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1376                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         2112                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         3764                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1        29984                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       269856                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        10944                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        11008                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        16896                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        30112                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.percent_links_utilized     0.001225                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Request_Control::1         3706                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Response_Data::2         3706                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          127                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1322                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         2112                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         3718                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1        29648                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       266832                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2         9144                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        10576                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        16896                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1           96                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        29744                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.percent_links_utilized     0.000179                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2           28                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2140                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         4224                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2         2016                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        17120                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        33792                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.percent_links_utilized     0.027577                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Request_Control::0       292050                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Request_Control::1         7454                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Response_Data::2        14908                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       274278                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        10328                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Response_Control::2         4651                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        53523                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       565438                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2698                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         4224                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        10346                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1           28                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1683                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       529007                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0      2336400                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1        59632                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1073376                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     19748016                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       743616                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        37208                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      3853656                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      4523504                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        21584                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        33792                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        82768                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1          224                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        13464                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      4232056                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control       898512                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data        44724                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data       822834                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data        30984                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control        13953                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data       160569                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control      1717080                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Forwarded_Control        31122                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Invalidate_Control         4525                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Unblock_Control      1587021                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control      7188096                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data      3220128                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.ResponseL2hit_Data     59244048                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.ResponseLocal_Data      2230848                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control       111624                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data     11560968                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control     13736640                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Forwarded_Control       248976                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Invalidate_Control        36200                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Unblock_Control     12696168                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.link_utilization     0.006090                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2         1052                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2         7281                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         2743                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2194                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         8331                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         2442                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0           98                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        75744                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       524232                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       197496                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        17552                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        66648                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        19536                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0          784                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.link_utilization     0.003991                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        11086                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         2432                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          111                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         1632                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         8331                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        17785                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0        88688                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       175104                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2          888                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       117504                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        66648                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       142280                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.link_utilization     0.132060                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2         3488                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       238305                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         2619                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         1058                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       242295                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         1295                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          555                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       251136                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     17157960                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       188568                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         8464                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1938360                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        10360                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         4440                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.link_utilization     0.070862                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0       244418                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         1289                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          555                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        40792                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       242295                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       445921                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0      1955344                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        92808                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         4440                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      2937024                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1938360                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      3567368                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.link_utilization     0.005616                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2         1659                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2         6308                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         2277                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2          678                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         7762                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         2658                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          672                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       119448                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       454176                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       163944                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         5424                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        62096                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        21264                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         5376                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004210                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        10245                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         2657                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          687                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         2167                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         7762                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        15840                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0        81960                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       191304                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         5496                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       156024                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        62096                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       126720                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.link_utilization     0.014370                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2         1255                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        22384                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         2661                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2          693                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        24331                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         3951                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          358                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        90360                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      1611648                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       191592                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         5544                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       194648                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        31608                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         2864                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.link_utilization     0.011148                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        26301                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         3950                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          358                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         8653                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        24331                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        41979                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       210408                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       284400                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         2864                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       623016                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       194648                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       335832                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.link_utilization     0.088741                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::0       292050                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2         7454                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2           28                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        53244                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       282719                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          279                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1           28                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       521525                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0      2336400                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       536688                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2          224                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      3833568                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2261752                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         2232                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1          224                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      4172200                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.link_utilization     0.153967                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1         7454                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2         7454                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       274278                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2940                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          279                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       282719                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          279                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        10346                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1159                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         7482                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1        59632                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       536688                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     19748016                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        23520                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        20088                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2261752                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         2232                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        82768                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         9272                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        59856                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000603                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1         3748                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          152                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1224                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1056                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         3764                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1        29984                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        10944                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         9792                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         8448                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        30112                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.link_utilization     0.001888                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2         3748                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          152                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1056                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       269856                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1216                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         8448                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000584                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1         3706                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          127                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1195                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1056                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         3718                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1        29648                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2         9144                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         9560                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         8448                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        29744                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.link_utilization     0.001866                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2         3706                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          127                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1056                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       266832                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1016                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         8448                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1           96                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000128                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2           28                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         2112                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2         2016                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        16896                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000230                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2140                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         2112                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        17120                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        16896                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.link_utilization     0.006090                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2         1052                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2         7281                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         2743                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2194                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         8331                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         2442                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0           98                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        75744                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       524232                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       197496                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        17552                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        66648                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        19536                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0          784                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.link_utilization     0.132060                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2         3488                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       238305                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         2619                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         1058                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       242295                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         1295                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          555                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       251136                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     17157960                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       188568                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         8464                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1938360                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        10360                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         4440                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.link_utilization     0.005616                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::2         1659                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2         6308                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         2277                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::2          678                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         7762                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         2658                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          672                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       119448                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       454176                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       163944                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         5424                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        62096                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        21264                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         5376                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.link_utilization     0.014370                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::2         1255                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        22384                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         2661                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::2          693                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        24331                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         3951                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          358                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        90360                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      1611648                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       191592                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         5544                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       194648                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        31608                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         2864                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.link_utilization     0.088741                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::0       292050                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::2         7454                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::2           28                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        53244                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       282719                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          279                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1           28                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       521525                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0      2336400                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       536688                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2          224                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      3833568                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2261752                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         2232                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1          224                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      4172200                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.link_utilization     0.000603                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::1         3748                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          152                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1224                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1056                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         3764                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1        29984                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        10944                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         9792                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         8448                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        30112                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.link_utilization     0.000584                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Request_Control::1         3706                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          127                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1195                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1056                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         3718                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1        29648                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2         9144                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         9560                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         8448                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        29744                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.link_utilization     0.000128                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2           28                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         2112                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2         2016                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        16896                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle8.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples     63337194                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.062369                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.009838                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      1.402172                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |    63335337    100.00%    100.00% |        1821      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total      63337194                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     63123429                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    63123429    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     63123429                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       213765                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    19.479503                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    18.187947                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    15.562781                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      211908     99.13%     99.13% |        1821      0.85%     99.98% |           4      0.00%     99.99% |           8      0.00%     99.99% |          15      0.01%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       213765                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     21460301                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.045005                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.005569                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      1.669055                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    21459723    100.00%    100.00% |         538      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      21460301                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     21421076                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    21421076    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     21421076                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        39225                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    25.622588                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    20.869942                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    30.314385                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |       38647     98.53%     98.53% |         538      1.37%     99.90% |           4      0.01%     99.91% |          13      0.03%     99.94% |          16      0.04%     99.98% |           7      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        39225                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples    377139578                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.001994                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000276                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.326614                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |   377138927    100.00%    100.00% |         629      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total    377139578                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    377104027                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   377104027    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    377104027                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        35551                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    22.158167                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    18.718540                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    26.154627                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       34900     98.17%     98.17% |         629      1.77%     99.94% |           1      0.00%     99.94% |           4      0.01%     99.95% |          13      0.04%     99.99% |           4      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        35551                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples        32483                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.650771                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.238545                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     9.438177                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |       32432     99.84%     99.84% |          48      0.15%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           2      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total        32483                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples        30217                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       30217    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total        30217                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         2266                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    24.663725                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    21.472587                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    27.501489                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        2215     97.75%     97.75% |          48      2.12%     99.87% |           0      0.00%     99.87% |           2      0.09%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           1      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         2266                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples        11737                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     4.397376                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.413469                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    16.046612                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |       11637     99.15%     99.15% |          43      0.37%     99.51% |          53      0.45%     99.97% |           1      0.01%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           1      0.01%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           2      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total        11737                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples        10494                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       10494    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total        10494                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1243                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    33.079646                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    26.246701                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    38.887934                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        1143     91.95%     91.95% |          43      3.46%     95.41% |          53      4.26%     99.68% |           1      0.08%     99.76% |           0      0.00%     99.76% |           0      0.00%     99.76% |           1      0.08%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           2      0.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         1243                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples        11737                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       11737    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total        11737                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples        11737                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       11737    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total        11737                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |        1387     50.68%     50.68% |        1350     49.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total         2737                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS    |        2361     50.05%     50.05% |        2356     49.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS::total         4717                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX    |         152     54.48%     54.48% |         127     45.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX::total          279                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Unblock |        2251     50.23%     50.23% |        2230     49.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Unblock::total         4481                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Last_Unblock |         110     46.61%     46.61% |         126     53.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Last_Unblock::total          236                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |        2443     50.38%     50.38% |        2406     49.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total         4849                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Dirty_Writeback |         152     54.48%     54.48% |         127     45.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Dirty_Writeback::total          279                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |        3748     50.28%     50.28% |        3706     49.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total         7454                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |        1208     50.52%     50.52% |        1183     49.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total         2391                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          16     57.14%     57.14% |          12     42.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           28                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        1056     50.00%     50.00% |        1056     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         2112                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_ACK |          16     57.14%     57.14% |          12     42.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_ACK::total           28                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX  |        1029     50.39%     50.39% |        1013     49.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX::total         2042                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETS  |        2251     50.23%     50.23% |        2230     49.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETS::total         4481                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Memory_Ack |         153     54.45%     54.45% |         128     45.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Memory_Ack::total          281                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        1056     50.00%     50.00% |        1056     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total         2112                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETX  |         358     51.51%     51.51% |         337     48.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETX::total          695                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETS  |         110     46.61%     46.61% |         126     53.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETS::total          236                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX  |         152     54.48%     54.48% |         127     45.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX::total          279                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          16     57.14%     57.14% |          12     42.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           28                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Unblock |        2251     50.23%     50.23% |        2230     49.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Unblock::total         4481                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Memory_Data |        2251     50.23%     50.23% |        2230     49.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Memory_Data::total         4481                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Last_Unblock |         110     46.61%     46.61% |         126     53.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Last_Unblock::total          236                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Memory_Data |         110     46.61%     46.61% |         126     53.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Memory_Data::total          236                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock |        1387     50.68%     50.68% |        1350     49.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock::total         2737                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Data |        1387     50.68%     50.68% |        1350     49.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Data::total         2737                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Dirty_Writeback |         152     54.48%     54.48% |         127     45.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Dirty_Writeback::total          279                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Exclusive_Unblock |        1056     50.00%     50.00% |        1056     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Exclusive_Unblock::total         2112                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Memory_Ack |        1055     50.00%     50.00% |        1055     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Memory_Ack::total         2110                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MD.DMA_ACK |          16     57.14%     57.14% |          12     42.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MD.DMA_ACK::total           28                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          28    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           28                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        2112    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         2112                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          28    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             28                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.DMA_Ack       |        2112    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.DMA_Ack::total         2112                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.All_Acks      |        2112    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.All_Acks::total         2112                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          28    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           28                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        2112    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         2112                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          28    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           28                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.DMA_Ack |        2112    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.DMA_Ack::total         2112                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.All_Acks |        2112    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.All_Acks::total         2112                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |      114287      0.18%      0.18% |    62854720     99.24%     99.42% |      105918      0.17%     99.59% |      262270      0.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     63337195                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |      527459      0.14%      0.14% |   374804618     99.38%     99.52% |      482364      0.13%     99.65% |     1325137      0.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    377139578                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |       88679      0.41%      0.41% |    21164809     98.37%     98.78% |       77837      0.36%     99.14% |      184933      0.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     21516258                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |        8993      3.14%      3.14% |      243778     85.03%     88.17% |        8726      3.04%     91.21% |       25203      8.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total       286700                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Own_GETX  |          10     55.56%     55.56% |           6     33.33%     88.89% |           1      5.56%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Own_GETX::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |         682     23.32%     23.32% |         372     12.72%     36.03% |         711     24.31%     60.34% |        1160     39.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         2925                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        1760     23.73%     23.73% |         923     12.45%     36.18% |        1943     26.20%     62.38% |        2790     37.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total         7416                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_DMA   |          13     46.43%     46.43% |           0      0.00%     46.43% |          15     53.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_DMA::total           28                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |          98      5.82%      5.82% |         555     32.98%     38.80% |         672     39.93%     78.73% |         358     21.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total         1683                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |        2194     47.46%     47.46% |        1058     22.89%     70.34% |         678     14.67%     85.01% |         693     14.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total         4623                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |        8106      3.41%      3.41% |      205410     86.43%     89.84% |        7808      3.29%     93.13% |       16332      6.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total       237656                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data |        2970      5.46%      5.46% |       39002     71.73%     77.19% |        2436      4.48%     81.67% |        9968     18.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total        54376                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |        6699      2.92%      2.92% |      201503     87.81%     90.73% |        5595      2.44%     93.17% |       15678      6.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total       229475                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack_Data |        1632      3.07%      3.07% |       40792     76.61%     79.68% |        2167      4.07%     83.75% |        8653     16.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack_Data::total        53244                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks  |        1917      4.49%      4.49% |       34201     80.03%     84.52% |        1233      2.89%     87.40% |        5383     12.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks::total        42734                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_Timeout |        2980      5.48%      5.48% |       39008     71.71%     77.19% |        2437      4.48%     81.67% |        9969     18.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_Timeout::total        54394                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        2912      1.36%      1.36% |      197744     92.51%     93.87% |        3307      1.55%     95.41% |        9802      4.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total       213765                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        6257     17.60%     17.60% |       12473     35.08%     52.68% |        5705     16.05%     68.73% |       11116     31.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total        35551                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |        1220      2.98%      2.98% |       33785     82.46%     85.44% |         803      1.96%     87.40% |        5161     12.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total        40969                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         662     16.63%     16.63% |        1483     37.25%     53.88% |         964     24.22%     78.10% |         872     21.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total         3981                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       26134      0.07%      0.07% |    36709005     99.67%     99.75% |       28526      0.08%     99.82% |       65305      0.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total     36828970                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |      521202      0.14%      0.14% |   374792145     99.39%     99.53% |      476659      0.13%     99.65% |     1314021      0.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total    377104027                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |         687     39.32%     39.32% |         410     23.47%     62.79% |         429     24.56%     87.35% |         221     12.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total         1747                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |        7224      3.09%      3.09% |      204184     87.28%     90.37% |        6472      2.77%     93.14% |       16048      6.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       233928                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Fwd_GETS |         134     17.22%     17.22% |         178     22.88%     40.10% |         383     49.23%     89.33% |          83     10.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Fwd_GETS::total          778                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |          98      5.82%      5.82% |         555     32.98%     38.80% |         672     39.93%     78.73% |         358     21.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         1683                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load    |         208      7.40%      7.40% |         104      3.70%     11.11% |         757     26.95%     38.06% |        1740     61.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load::total         2809                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store   |          10     55.56%     55.56% |           6     33.33%     88.89% |           1      5.56%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_Replacement |          21      6.65%      6.65% |          45     14.24%     20.89% |         116     36.71%     57.59% |         134     42.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_Replacement::total          316                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETX |         305     16.60%     16.60% |         121      6.59%     23.19% |         467     25.42%     48.61% |         944     51.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETX::total         1837                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETS |         175      9.04%      9.04% |          52      2.69%     11.73% |         560     28.93%     40.65% |        1149     59.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETS::total         1936                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |        4077      0.24%      0.24% |     1657107     97.92%     98.16% |        1400      0.08%     98.24% |       29708      1.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      1692292                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |         289     10.12%     10.12% |        1369     47.95%     58.07% |         105      3.68%     61.75% |        1092     38.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total         2855                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |         184      4.15%      4.15% |        1940     43.74%     47.89% |         437      9.85%     57.75% |        1874     42.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total         4435                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |          72     18.65%     18.65% |          37      9.59%     28.24% |         132     34.20%     62.44% |         145     37.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total          386                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |         392     17.61%     17.61% |         141      6.33%     23.94% |         524     23.54%     47.48% |        1169     52.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total         2226                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load  |         601      9.12%      9.12% |        1938     29.40%     38.52% |         814     12.35%     50.86% |        3239     49.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load::total         6592                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store |          95      5.40%      5.40% |        1241     70.51%     75.91% |          41      2.33%     78.24% |         383     21.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store::total         1760                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETX::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETS |           8     72.73%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           3     27.27%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETS::total           11                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_Timeout |         968      9.78%      9.78% |        3566     36.02%     45.80% |        1163     11.75%     57.55% |        4203     42.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_Timeout::total         9900                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |       80124      0.33%      0.33% |    24287422     98.77%     99.09% |       71003      0.29%     99.38% |      152120      0.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total     24590669                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |       80502      0.38%      0.38% |    21093186     98.58%     98.95% |       73693      0.34%     99.30% |      150154      0.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total     21397535                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement |         902      2.05%      2.05% |       36126     82.03%     84.08% |         737      1.67%     85.75% |        6275     14.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement::total        44040                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX |         305     43.63%     43.63% |         211     30.19%     73.82% |         112     16.02%     89.84% |          71     10.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX::total          699                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS |        1036     42.49%     42.49% |         549     22.52%     65.01% |         464     19.03%     84.04% |         389     15.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS::total         2438                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_DMA |          13     46.43%     46.43% |           0      0.00%     46.43% |          15     53.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_DMA::total           28                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load |         231     11.02%     11.02% |        1400     66.76%     77.78% |         111      5.29%     83.07% |         355     16.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load::total         2097                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store |        5876      8.23%      8.23% |       34812     48.77%     57.01% |        2765      3.87%     60.88% |       27921     39.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store::total        71374                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETS |          15     55.56%     55.56% |           3     11.11%     66.67% |           9     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETS::total           27                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_Timeout |        2012      4.52%      4.52% |       35442     79.66%     84.18% |        1274      2.86%     87.04% |        5766     12.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_Timeout::total        44494                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |         886     39.31%     39.31% |         587     26.04%     65.35% |         318     14.11%     79.46% |         463     20.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total         2254                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data |        1220      2.98%      2.98% |       33785     82.46%     85.44% |         803      1.96%     87.40% |        5161     12.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data::total        40969                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        1257     60.46%     60.46% |         345     16.59%     77.06% |         317     15.25%     92.30% |         160      7.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total         2079                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Exclusive_Data |         687     39.32%     39.32% |         410     23.47%     62.79% |         429     24.56%     87.35% |         221     12.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Exclusive_Data::total         1747                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Own_GETX |          10     55.56%     55.56% |           6     33.33%     88.89% |           1      5.56%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Own_GETX::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack    |          51     17.59%     17.59% |         126     43.45%     61.03% |          43     14.83%     75.86% |          70     24.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack::total          290                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks |        1917      4.49%      4.49% |       34201     80.03%     84.52% |        1233      2.89%     87.40% |        5383     12.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks::total        42734                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |        8106      3.41%      3.41% |      205410     86.43%     89.84% |        7808      3.29%     93.13% |       16332      6.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total       237656                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data |        1063      9.12%      9.12% |        4807     41.23%     50.34% |        1204     10.33%     60.67% |        4586     39.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data::total        11660                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Load   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Load::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack |        6699      2.92%      2.92% |      201503     87.81%     90.73% |        5595      2.44%     93.17% |       15678      6.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack::total       229475                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack_Data |         525     11.79%     11.79% |        2681     60.21%     72.00% |         877     19.69%     91.69% |         370      8.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total         4453                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack_Data |          21      6.65%      6.65% |          45     14.24%     20.89% |         116     36.71%     57.59% |         134     42.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total          316                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack_Data |        1086      2.24%      2.24% |       38066     78.53%     80.77% |        1174      2.42%     83.19% |        8149     16.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total        48475                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS         249334      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX          42735      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTO            316      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX          48475      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTS_only       210869      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTS          23066      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Fwd_DMA             28      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.All_Acks          2737      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Data              7454      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_WBCLEANDATA         4453      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_WBDIRTYDATA        48791      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack          279      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock         467131      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock        54394      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.DmaAck              28      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement          704      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS         4717      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX         2049      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_GETS          778      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_GETX          483      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_PUTS_only         3784      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_PUTS          669      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_GETS         4664      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_GETX         1085      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_PUTX        48475      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.Fwd_DMA           28      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_GETS          577      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_GETX           55      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_PUTO          211      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_GETS         1359      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_GETX         1800      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTO          105      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTS_only          893      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTS          349      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L1_GETS       205907      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L1_GETX          154      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement          402      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_GETS          625      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_GETX           37      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_PUTS_only           82      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_PUTS          602      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_GETS        21467      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_GETX           51      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_PUTS_only       206110      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_PUTS        21439      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L2_Replacement           23      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS         9222      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX        37020      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement          279      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA          211      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.Unblock          893      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA          105      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.Unblock          349      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSW.L1_PUTS            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSW.Unblock        21439      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILSW.L1_PUTS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILSW.L1_WBCLEANDATA          669      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IW.L1_WBCLEANDATA         3784      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SW.Unblock       206110      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OXW.Unblock           82      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXW.L1_PUTS            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXW.Unblock          602      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA        48475      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLS.Unblock          778      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOX.Unblock          577      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOX.Exclusive_Unblock           37      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.L1_GETS           13      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.L1_GETX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.Unblock         2226      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.Exclusive_Unblock         3578      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOSX.Unblock         1359      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.L1_GETS            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.Exclusive_Unblock         1800      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.Data          4717      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.Unblock         4717      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGM.Data          2203      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMLS.Data          534      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.All_Acks         2737      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.Exclusive_Unblock         2737      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock        37020      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.Unblock       205907      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OO.Exclusive_Unblock         9222      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXS.Unblock          625      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.L1_PUTS            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.Unblock        21467      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack          279      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXD.DmaAck           28      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.498805                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                498804846500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               52406006440501                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 139298                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   251966                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              240953916                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2100340                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2070.13                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   288363482                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     521600878                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1605632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           1605632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0       460928                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         460928                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0        25088                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              25088                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0         7202                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              7202                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      3218958                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total              3218958                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0       924065                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total              924065                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0      4143023                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total             4143023                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      25088                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                      7202                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    25088                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                    7202                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               1601408                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   4224                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                 459200                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                1605632                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys              460928                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    66                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             1802                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             1565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             1381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             1375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             1031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             1059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             1191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             1191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             1411                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             1802                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            1745                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            1624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            1317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            1943                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            2129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            2456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0              771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1              593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2              450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3              416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4              126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5              109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6              198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7              301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8              433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9              408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10             474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11             298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12             344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13             540                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14             713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            1001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 498804739500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                25088                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                7202                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  24353                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                    664                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                   333                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                   356                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                   399                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                   422                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                   412                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                   414                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                   425                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                   403                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                   414                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                   415                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                   397                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                   400                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                   402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                   402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                   400                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                   396                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                   394                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                   393                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        12600                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   163.545397                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   109.303018                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   208.831728                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127         7294     57.89%     57.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3257     25.85%     83.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383          802      6.37%     90.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511          347      2.75%     92.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          192      1.52%     94.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          115      0.91%     95.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          110      0.87%     96.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          113      0.90%     97.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          370      2.94%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        12600                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples          393                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     84.358779                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   453.796138                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-511          390     99.24%     99.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023            1      0.25%     99.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535            1      0.25%     99.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      0.25%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total          393                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples          393                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     18.256997                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.183940                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.754763                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16              52     13.23%     13.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17               7      1.78%     15.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18             261     66.41%     81.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19              20      5.09%     86.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20              25      6.36%     92.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21               3      0.76%     93.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22              16      4.07%     97.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::23               3      0.76%     98.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::24               2      0.51%     98.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::25               1      0.25%     99.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::27               1      0.25%     99.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::31               2      0.51%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total          393                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                   239602499                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat              708764999                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 125110000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                     9575.67                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               28325.67                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        3.21                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.92                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     3.22                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.92                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     21.65                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   16543                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                   3054                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                66.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               42.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                  15447653.75                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   60.81                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                47219760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                25764750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy              109847400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy              19206720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy         32802120000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy         16521875505                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        286835157750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          336361191885                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           669.757521                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 475421616750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  16656120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   6723779000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                66943800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                36526875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy              149331000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy              27287280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy         32802120000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy         18575311050                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        285033898500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          336691418505                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           670.415064                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 472859894000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  16656120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   9290197750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1606272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           1606272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1       456384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         456384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1        25098                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              25098                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1         7131                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total              7131                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      3220241                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total              3220241                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1       914955                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total              914955                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1      4135196                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total             4135196                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      25098                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                      7131                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    25098                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                    7131                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               1601600                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   4672                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                 455424                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                1606272                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys              456384                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    73                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             1774                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             1620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             1381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             1411                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             1042                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             1092                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             1213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             1170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             1400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             1771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            1736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            1652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            1300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            1929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            2088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            2446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0              747                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1              620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2              427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3              432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4              123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5              123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6              216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7              283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8              450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9              377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10             467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11             318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12             329                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13             525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14             701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15             978                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 498803632000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                25098                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                7131                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  24357                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                    663                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                   327                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                   346                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                   398                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                   419                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                   408                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                   404                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                   419                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                   402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                   420                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                   410                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                   396                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                   395                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                   397                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                   402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                   398                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                   392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                   392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                   391                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        12562                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   163.759911                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   109.090369                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   209.433909                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127         7310     58.19%     58.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3175     25.27%     83.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383          817      6.50%     89.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511          349      2.78%     92.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          182      1.45%     94.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          141      1.12%     95.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          110      0.88%     96.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          114      0.91%     97.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          364      2.90%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        12562                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples          391                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     84.795396                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   454.836735                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-511          388     99.23%     99.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023            1      0.26%     99.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535            1      0.26%     99.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      0.26%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total          391                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples          391                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     18.199488                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.130274                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.707029                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16              57     14.58%     14.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17               8      2.05%     16.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18             252     64.45%     81.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19              23      5.88%     86.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20              25      6.39%     93.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21               1      0.26%     93.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22              18      4.60%     98.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::23               2      0.51%     98.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::24               3      0.77%     99.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::25               1      0.26%     99.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::35               1      0.26%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total          391                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   239181499                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              708400249                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 125125000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                     9557.70                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               28307.70                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        3.21                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.91                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     3.22                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.91                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     26.06                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   16531                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                   3048                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                66.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               42.74                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                  15476857.24                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   60.89                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                47983320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                26181375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy              110237400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy              19252080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy         32802120000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy         16622904870                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        286746535500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          336375214545                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           669.785443                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 475268376250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  16656120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   6879611750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                65923200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                35970000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy              148683600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy              26859600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy         32802120000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy         18462905910                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        285132499500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          336674961810                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           670.382295                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 473018407750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  16656120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   9128219750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      1002469090                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1408009                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2720319                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              2676401                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  3495                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                      67191                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       199793                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     2676401                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         3495                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads            5478858                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           2150719                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                5683                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes               2799                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             1463506                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes             891387                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                       669582                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     403966                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    265616                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              995578297.375087                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              6890792.624913                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.006874                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.993126                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           289216                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                22335      0.82%      0.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  2018644     74.20%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    3092      0.11%     75.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                     4314      0.16%     75.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                   2581      0.09%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  403966     14.85%     90.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 265616      9.76%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                   2720548                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                       994198344                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  266251192                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                    480147203                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            270499230                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses             270609971                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                    9889151                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     15065786                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   270499230                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                    270609971                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          514484257                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         176803805                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads           446710990                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes          249463015                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           107374999                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           83250987                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     84277699                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   63018830                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  21258869                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              72624762.852980                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              921573581.147020                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.926951                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.073049                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         27148491                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                18892      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                245471801     51.12%     51.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                    3284      0.00%     51.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                     2112      0.00%     51.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd              150373634     31.32%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                63018830     13.12%     95.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               21258869      4.43%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                 480147422                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                       997515554                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    3052046                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      5787348                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              5723310                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                 16260                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     109739                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       461565                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     5723310                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                        16260                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           11323641                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           4584018                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads               26363                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes              12860                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             3116511                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            2013679                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      1276830                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     739661                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    537169                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              983474361.118064                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              14041192.881936                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.014076                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.985924                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           642353                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                30044      0.52%      0.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  4456066     76.99%     77.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    4593      0.08%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                     7935      0.14%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                  12149      0.21%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                     48      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  739661     12.78%     90.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 537169      9.28%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   5787665                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                       996272025                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   16334168                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     30520094                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             30103696                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                330046                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     658752                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts      2462931                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    30103696                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                       330046                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           58671551                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes          24408237                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads              499491                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes             255399                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads            15993727                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes           10194205                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      6640918                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    3916995                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                   2723923                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              935079830.143691                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              61192194.856309                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.061421                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.938579                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                          3397370                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass               156027      0.51%      0.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                 23268417     76.24%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   92855      0.30%     77.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                   148509      0.49%     77.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                 213581      0.70%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                     32      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 3916995     12.83%     91.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                2723923      8.92%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  30520339                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1133                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1133                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1112                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1112                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq                69                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp               69                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           72                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           54                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          726                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          296                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1126                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           60                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          508                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          334                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          932                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          114                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           54                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          580                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          324                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1088                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           60                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          946                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          364                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1410                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    4628                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           36                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           36                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           36                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           36                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           26                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          108                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          363                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1097                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          254                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          668                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           24                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1084                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           66                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          108                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          290                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          473                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           24                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1383                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4852                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy               162000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy               197982                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             1774500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy              400497                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              412992                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy              435488                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy              457985                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy               47996                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy              929000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy              765500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy              866000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             1180000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           35                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes       143360                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           35                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples    957970629                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000001                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000001                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.001210                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   957969226    100.00%    100.00% |        1403      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total    957970629                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples      957970629                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.021139                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.002560                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         1.210477                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |   957950169    100.00%    100.00% |       19423      0.00%    100.00% |         219      0.00%    100.00% |         206      0.00%    100.00% |         418      0.00%    100.00% |         191      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total        957970629                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    957157734                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   957157734    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    957157734                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       812895                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    25.911690                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    20.350715                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    33.266988                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |      792435     97.48%     97.48% |       19423      2.39%     99.87% |         219      0.03%     99.90% |         206      0.03%     99.92% |         418      0.05%     99.98% |         191      0.02%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       812895                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits       647827                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        26189                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       674016                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits      1841434                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses        17710                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses      1859144                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles             2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits     84039319                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses       243718                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     84283037                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits    375474450                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses        18712                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses    375493162                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles             4                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1243691                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses        43650                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1287341                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits      4002703                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        32085                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4034788                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits      6599500                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        51463                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      6650963                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits     21607830                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        87318                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses     21695148                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles             4                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       451859                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        68986                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       520845                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers0.percent_links_utilized     0.019576                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Request_Control::0        43899                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Data::2         8022                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        31433                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         8751                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         3634                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        16834                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        77734                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         4337                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          291                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        65932                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       351192                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       577584                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      2263176                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       630072                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        29072                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      1212048                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       621872                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        34696                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         2328                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       527456                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.percent_links_utilized     0.102343                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Request_Control::0       262430                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Data::2         6149                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       252163                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         7263                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2341                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        48249                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       517710                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         3207                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          795                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       473036                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0      2099440                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       442728                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     18155736                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       522936                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        18728                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      3473928                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      4141680                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        25656                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         6360                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      3784288                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.percent_links_utilized     0.033036                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Request_Control::0        75735                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Data::2        17322                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        53186                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         9181                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Control::2         3486                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        29665                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       135756                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         3974                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1213                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       113948                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       605880                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1247184                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3829392                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       661032                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        27888                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      2135880                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1086048                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        31792                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         9704                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       911584                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.percent_links_utilized     0.057535                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Request_Control::0       138781                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Data::2        18693                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       115077                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        12141                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2575                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        37151                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       264862                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         7312                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          736                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       234061                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0      1110248                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1345896                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      8285544                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       874152                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        20600                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      2674872                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2118896                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        58496                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         5888                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      1872488                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.percent_links_utilized     0.221072                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Request_Control::0       520845                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Request_Control::1        50186                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::2       100372                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       451859                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Control::2         5966                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       143992                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       996062                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        24186                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        18830                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1           30                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         2449                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       937193                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0      4166760                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       401488                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      7226784                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     32533848                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        47728                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     10367424                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      7968496                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       193488                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       150640                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1          240                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        19592                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      7497544                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.percent_links_utilized     0.008678                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Request_Control::1        25088                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::2        25088                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         6082                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        13302                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         2240                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1           18                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        25106                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       200704                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1806336                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       437904                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       106416                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        17920                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       200848                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.percent_links_utilized     0.008661                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Request_Control::1        25098                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Response_Data::2        25098                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         6011                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        13154                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         2240                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        25110                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       200784                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1807056                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       432792                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       105232                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        17920                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1           96                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       200880                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.percent_links_utilized     0.000176                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2           30                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2270                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         4480                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2         2160                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        18160                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        35840                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.percent_links_utilized     0.050121                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Request_Control::0       520845                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Request_Control::1        50186                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Response_Data::2       100372                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       451859                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        18683                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Response_Control::2         9001                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       143992                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       996062                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        26456                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         4480                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        18830                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1           30                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         3035                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       937193                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0      4166760                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       401488                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      7226784                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     32533848                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1345176                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        72008                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     10367424                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      7968496                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       211648                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        35840                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       150640                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1          240                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        24280                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      7497544                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control      1713093                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data       301116                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data      1355577                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data        56049                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control        27003                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data       431976                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control      3080994                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Forwarded_Control        56580                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Invalidate_Control         8519                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Unblock_Control      2811579                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control     13704744                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data     21680352                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.ResponseL2hit_Data     97601544                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.ResponseLocal_Data      4035528                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control       216024                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data     31102272                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control     24647952                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Forwarded_Control       452640                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Invalidate_Control        68152                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Unblock_Control     22492632                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.link_utilization     0.022142                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2         8022                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        31433                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         4429                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         3330                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        38867                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         4337                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          291                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       577584                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      2263176                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       318888                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        26640                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       310936                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        34696                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         2328                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.link_utilization     0.017011                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        43899                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         4322                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          304                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        16834                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        38867                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        65932                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       351192                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       311184                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         2432                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      1212048                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       310936                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       527456                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.link_utilization     0.131614                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2         6149                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       252163                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         4087                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         1546                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       258855                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         3207                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          795                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       442728                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     18155736                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       294264                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        12368                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2070840                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        25656                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         6360                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.link_utilization     0.073072                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0       262430                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         3176                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          795                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        48249                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       258855                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       473036                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0      2099440                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       228672                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         6360                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      3473928                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2070840                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      3784288                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.link_utilization     0.037933                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        17322                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        53186                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         5217                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2256                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        67878                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         3974                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1213                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1247184                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3829392                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       375624                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        18048                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       543024                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        31792                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         9704                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.link_utilization     0.028140                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        75735                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         3964                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         1230                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        29665                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        67878                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       113948                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       605880                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       285408                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         9840                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      2135880                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       543024                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       911584                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.link_utilization     0.069693                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        18693                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       115077                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         4920                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         1839                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       132431                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         7312                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          736                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1345896                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      8285544                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       354240                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        14712                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1059448                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        58496                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         5888                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.link_utilization     0.045376                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0       138781                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         7221                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          736                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        37151                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       132431                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       234061                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0      1110248                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       519912                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         5888                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      2674872                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1059448                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      1872488                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.link_utilization     0.178265                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::0       520845                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        50186                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2           30                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       131899                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       498031                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        12093                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1           30                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       886977                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0      4166760                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      3613392                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2          240                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      9496728                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      3984248                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        96744                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1          240                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      7095816                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.link_utilization     0.263880                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1        50186                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2        50186                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       451859                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         5936                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        12093                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       498031                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        12093                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        18830                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         2449                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        50216                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       401488                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      3613392                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     32533848                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        47488                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       870696                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      3984248                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        96744                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       150640                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        19592                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       401728                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.link_utilization     0.005677                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1        25088                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         6082                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         7220                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1120                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        25106                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       200704                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       437904                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        57760                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         8960                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       200848                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.link_utilization     0.011679                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2        25088                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6082                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1120                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1           18                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1806336                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        48656                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         8960                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.link_utilization     0.005642                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1        25098                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         6011                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         7143                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1120                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        25110                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       200784                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       432792                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        57144                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         8960                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       200880                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.link_utilization     0.011679                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2        25098                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6011                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1120                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1807056                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        48088                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         8960                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1           96                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000126                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2           30                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         2240                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2         2160                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        17920                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000226                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2270                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         2240                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        18160                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        17920                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.link_utilization     0.022142                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2         8022                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        31433                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         4429                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         3330                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        38867                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         4337                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          291                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       577584                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      2263176                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       318888                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        26640                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       310936                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        34696                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         2328                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.link_utilization     0.131614                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2         6149                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       252163                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         4087                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         1546                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       258855                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         3207                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          795                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       442728                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     18155736                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       294264                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        12368                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2070840                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        25656                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         6360                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.link_utilization     0.037933                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::2        17322                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        53186                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         5217                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2256                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        67878                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         3974                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1213                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1247184                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3829392                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       375624                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        18048                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       543024                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        31792                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         9704                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.link_utilization     0.069693                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::2        18693                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       115077                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         4920                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::2         1839                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       132431                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         7312                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          736                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1345896                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      8285544                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       354240                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        14712                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1059448                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        58496                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         5888                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.link_utilization     0.178265                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::0       520845                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::2        50186                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::2           30                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       131899                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       498031                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        12093                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1           30                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       886977                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0      4166760                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      3613392                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2          240                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      9496728                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      3984248                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        96744                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1          240                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      7095816                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.link_utilization     0.005677                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::1        25088                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         6082                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         7220                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1120                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        25106                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       200704                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       437904                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        57760                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         8960                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       200848                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.link_utilization     0.005642                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Request_Control::1        25098                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         6011                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         7143                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1120                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        25110                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       200784                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       432792                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        57144                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         8960                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       200880                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.link_utilization     0.000126                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2           30                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         2240                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2         2160                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        17920                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle8.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    131299199                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.081865                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.011158                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      2.114483                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   131289463     99.99%     99.99% |        9360      0.01%    100.00% |          62      0.00%    100.00% |          79      0.00%    100.00% |         158      0.00%    100.00% |          75      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     131299199                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    130806768                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   130806768    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    130806768                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       492431                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    22.827935                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    19.272112                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    26.785502                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      482695     98.02%     98.02% |        9360      1.90%     99.92% |          62      0.01%     99.94% |          79      0.02%     99.95% |         158      0.03%     99.98% |          75      0.02%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       492431                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     46194840                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.109670                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.008601                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      3.480492                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    46188667     99.99%     99.99% |        5685      0.01%    100.00% |         127      0.00%    100.00% |          86      0.00%    100.00% |         191      0.00%    100.00% |          83      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      46194840                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     46077002                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    46077002    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     46077002                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       117838                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    43.992693                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    28.710973                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    53.900172                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      111665     94.76%     94.76% |        5685      4.82%     99.59% |         127      0.11%     99.69% |          86      0.07%     99.77% |         191      0.16%     99.93% |          83      0.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       117838                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples    780221820                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.005168                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000718                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.527251                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |   780217931    100.00%    100.00% |        3759      0.00%    100.00% |          23      0.00%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |          54      0.00%    100.00% |          29      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total    780221820                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    780030444                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   780030444    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    780030444                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       191376                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    22.069199                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    18.644749                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    26.259352                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      187487     97.97%     97.97% |        3759      1.96%     99.93% |          23      0.01%     99.94% |          24      0.01%     99.96% |          54      0.03%     99.98% |          29      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       191376                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       130794                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.200651                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.144000                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     9.252685                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |      130544     99.81%     99.81% |         239      0.18%     99.99% |           3      0.00%     99.99% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       130794                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       125187                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      125187    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       125187                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         5607                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    29.007491                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    23.061941                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    35.305561                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        5357     95.54%     95.54% |         239      4.26%     99.80% |           3      0.05%     99.86% |           5      0.09%     99.95% |           1      0.02%     99.96% |           2      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         5607                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples        61988                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     4.976350                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.365660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    20.770248                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |       61576     99.34%     99.34% |         380      0.61%     99.95% |           4      0.01%     99.95% |          12      0.02%     99.97% |          14      0.02%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total        61988                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples        56345                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       56345    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total        56345                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         5643                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    44.679957                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    30.671052                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    54.819167                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        5231     92.70%     92.70% |         380      6.73%     99.43% |           4      0.07%     99.50% |          12      0.21%     99.72% |          14      0.25%     99.96% |           2      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         5643                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples        61988                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       61988    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total        61988                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples        61988                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       61988    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total        61988                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |       12797     50.09%     50.09% |       12753     49.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total        25550                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS    |       12291     49.89%     49.89% |       12345     50.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS::total        24636                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX    |        6081     50.29%     50.29% |        6010     49.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX::total        12091                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTO_SHARERS |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTO_SHARERS::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Unblock |        9858     49.99%     49.99% |        9860     50.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Unblock::total        19718                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Last_Unblock |        2433     49.47%     49.47% |        2485     50.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Last_Unblock::total         4918                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |       13917     50.08%     50.08% |       13873     49.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total        27790                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Dirty_Writeback |        6082     50.29%     50.29% |        6011     49.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Dirty_Writeback::total        12093                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |       25088     49.99%     49.99% |       25098     50.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total        50186                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |        7202     50.25%     50.25% |        7131     49.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total        14333                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          18     60.00%     60.00% |          12     40.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           30                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        1120     50.00%     50.00% |        1120     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         2240                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_ACK |          18     60.00%     60.00% |          12     40.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_ACK::total           30                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX  |        7912     50.09%     50.09% |        7884     49.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX::total        15796                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETS  |        9858     49.99%     49.99% |        9860     50.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETS::total        19718                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Memory_Ack |        6082     50.29%     50.29% |        6012     49.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Memory_Ack::total        12094                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        1120     50.00%     50.00% |        1120     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total         2240                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETX  |        4885     50.08%     50.08% |        4869     49.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETX::total         9754                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETS  |        2433     49.47%     49.47% |        2485     50.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETS::total         4918                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.Memory_Ack |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.Memory_Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX  |        6081     50.29%     50.29% |        6010     49.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX::total        12091                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTO_SHARERS |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTO_SHARERS::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          18     60.00%     60.00% |          12     40.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           30                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Unblock |        9858     49.99%     49.99% |        9860     50.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Unblock::total        19718                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Memory_Data |        9858     49.99%     49.99% |        9860     50.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Memory_Data::total        19718                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Last_Unblock |        2433     49.47%     49.47% |        2485     50.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Last_Unblock::total         4918                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Memory_Data |        2433     49.47%     49.47% |        2485     50.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Memory_Data::total         4918                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock |       12797     50.09%     50.09% |       12753     49.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock::total        25550                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Data |       12797     50.09%     50.09% |       12753     49.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Data::total        25550                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Dirty_Writeback |        6081     50.29%     50.29% |        6010     49.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Dirty_Writeback::total        12091                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MIS.Dirty_Writeback |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MIS.Dirty_Writeback::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Exclusive_Unblock |        1120     50.00%     50.00% |        1120     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Exclusive_Unblock::total         2240                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Memory_Ack |        1119     50.02%     50.02% |        1118     49.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Memory_Ack::total         2237                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MD.DMA_ACK |          18     60.00%     60.00% |          12     40.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MD.DMA_ACK::total           30                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          30    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           30                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        2240    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         2240                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          30    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             30                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.DMA_Ack       |        2240    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.DMA_Ack::total         2240                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.All_Acks      |        2240    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.All_Acks::total         2240                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          30    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           30                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        2240    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         2240                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          30    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           30                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.DMA_Ack |        2240    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.DMA_Ack::total         2240                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.All_Acks |        2240    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.All_Acks::total         2240                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |      383320      0.56%      0.56% |    63005453     92.71%     93.27% |      717699      1.06%     94.33% |     3855563      5.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     67962035                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     1859144      0.46%      0.46% |   375493162     93.16%     93.62% |     4034796      1.00%     94.62% |    21695148      5.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    403082250                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |      290696      1.17%      1.17% |    21277604     85.34%     86.50% |      569648      2.28%     88.79% |     2795404     11.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     24933352                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |       41103      8.10%      8.10% |      261108     51.47%     59.57% |       69889     13.78%     73.34% |      135245     26.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total       507345                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Own_GETX  |          15     10.20%     10.20% |          31     21.09%     31.29% |          10      6.80%     38.10% |          91     61.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Own_GETX::total          147                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |        1211     20.84%     20.84% |        1026     17.66%     38.50% |        1089     18.74%     57.25% |        2484     42.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         5810                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        3137     23.69%     23.69% |        2321     17.52%     41.21% |        2900     21.90%     63.11% |        4886     36.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        13244                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_DMA   |          13     43.33%     43.33% |           0      0.00%     43.33% |          17     56.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_DMA::total           30                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |         291      9.59%      9.59% |         795     26.19%     35.78% |        1213     39.97%     75.75% |         736     24.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total         3035                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |        3330     37.12%     37.12% |        1546     17.23%     54.35% |        2256     25.15%     79.50% |        1839     20.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total         8971                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |       26911      6.77%      6.77% |      215843     54.31%     61.08% |       50462     12.70%     73.78% |      104194     26.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total       397410                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data |       16973     13.77%     13.77% |       46556     37.76%     51.53% |       25263     20.49%     72.02% |       34496     27.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total       123288                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |       22033      6.02%      6.02% |      210605     57.52%     63.54% |       38213     10.44%     73.98% |       95280     26.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total       366131                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack_Data |       16834     12.76%     12.76% |       48250     36.58%     49.34% |       29665     22.49%     71.83% |       37151     28.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack_Data::total       131900                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks  |       10446     12.10%     12.10% |       38906     45.05%     57.15% |       15886     18.40%     75.55% |       21116     24.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks::total        86354                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_Timeout |       16988     13.76%     13.76% |       46587     37.74%     51.50% |       25273     20.47%     71.98% |       34587     28.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_Timeout::total       123435                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       15743      5.65%      5.65% |      204812     73.50%     79.15% |       27764      9.96%     89.11% |       30347     10.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total       278666                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |       17710     11.37%     11.37% |       18712     12.01%     23.37% |       32085     20.59%     43.96% |       87318     56.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total       155825                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |        9343     12.01%     12.01% |       38153     49.04%     61.05% |       11383     14.63%     75.68% |       18923     24.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total        77802                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        2236     24.02%     24.02% |        2253     24.21%     48.23% |        2008     21.58%     69.81% |        2810     30.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total         9307                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       95275      0.25%      0.25% |    36751578     98.21%     98.46% |      193884      0.52%     98.98% |      380959      1.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total     37421696                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     1841434      0.46%      0.46% |   375474450     93.19%     93.64% |     4002703      0.99%     94.64% |    21607830      5.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total    402926417                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        1088     12.94%     12.94% |         722      8.59%     21.53% |        4493     53.46%     74.99% |        2102     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total         8405                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |       25217      6.54%      6.54% |      214165     55.53%     62.07% |       44797     11.62%     73.69% |      101461     26.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       385640                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Fwd_GETS |         453     24.62%     24.62% |         378     20.54%     45.16% |         607     32.99%     78.15% |         402     21.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Fwd_GETS::total         1840                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |         291      9.59%      9.59% |         795     26.19%     35.78% |        1213     39.97%     75.75% |         736     24.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         3035                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load    |         459      7.19%      7.19% |         413      6.47%     13.65% |         866     13.56%     27.22% |        4648     72.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load::total         6386                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store   |          15     10.20%     10.20% |          31     21.09%     31.29% |          10      6.80%     38.10% |          91     61.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store::total          147                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_Replacement |         119     16.60%     16.60% |         115     16.04%     32.64% |         175     24.41%     57.04% |         308     42.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_Replacement::total          717                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETX |         500     18.20%     18.20% |         326     11.87%     30.07% |         570     20.75%     50.82% |        1351     49.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETX::total         2747                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETS |         280     11.35%     11.35% |         217      8.79%     20.14% |         675     27.35%     47.49% |        1296     52.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETS::total         2468                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |       33718      1.79%      1.79% |     1675782     88.90%     90.69% |       65750      3.49%     94.17% |      109809      5.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      1885059                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |        2403     19.76%     19.76% |        2066     16.99%     36.76% |        3969     32.65%     69.40% |        3720     30.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total        12158                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |        2460     16.80%     16.80% |        3386     23.12%     39.92% |        3534     24.13%     64.05% |        5264     35.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total        14644                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |         157     12.64%     12.64% |         139     11.19%     23.83% |         207     16.67%     40.50% |         739     59.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total         1242                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |         627     17.82%     17.82% |         465     13.21%     31.03% |         657     18.67%     49.70% |        1770     50.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total         3519                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load  |        4689     20.36%     20.36% |        3292     14.30%     34.66% |        6688     29.04%     63.70% |        8358     36.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load::total        23027                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store |         797     14.46%     14.46% |        1617     29.34%     43.80% |        1029     18.67%     62.46% |        2069     37.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store::total         5512                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.L1_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.L1_Replacement::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          15     83.33%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           3     16.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETX::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETS |          11      6.92%      6.92% |          78     49.06%     55.97% |          16     10.06%     66.04% |          54     33.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETS::total          159                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_Timeout |        5745     18.20%     18.20% |        6064     19.21%     37.41% |        8358     26.48%     63.88% |       11402     36.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_Timeout::total        31569                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |      232530      0.82%      0.82% |    24367765     85.98%     86.80% |      421443      1.49%     88.29% |     3319280     11.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total     28341018                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |      223771      0.91%      0.91% |    21173288     86.30%     87.21% |      474138      1.93%     89.14% |     2663474     10.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total     24534671                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement |       11071     11.41%     11.41% |       41189     42.45%     53.86% |       19372     19.96%     73.82% |       25398     26.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement::total        97030                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX |         551     30.63%     30.63% |         545     30.29%     60.92% |         312     17.34%     78.27% |         391     21.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX::total         1799                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS |        1741     34.57%     34.57% |        1104     21.92%     56.49% |         919     18.25%     74.74% |        1272     25.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS::total         5036                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_DMA |          13     43.33%     43.33% |           0      0.00%     43.33% |          17     56.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_DMA::total           30                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load |         906     14.72%     14.72% |        1791     29.11%     43.83% |        1298     21.10%     64.93% |        2158     35.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load::total         6153                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store |       53279     18.08%     18.08% |       61727     20.95%     39.03% |       74626     25.33%     64.36% |      105025     35.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store::total       294657                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.L1_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.L1_Replacement::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETX |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETX::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETS |          25     11.31%     11.31% |          78     35.29%     46.61% |          26     11.76%     58.37% |          92     41.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETS::total          221                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_Timeout |       11243     12.24%     12.24% |       40523     44.11%     56.35% |       16915     18.41%     74.76% |       23185     25.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_Timeout::total        91866                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |        1264     28.58%     28.58% |         761     17.21%     45.78% |        1442     32.60%     78.39% |         956     21.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total         4423                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data |        9343     12.01%     12.01% |       38153     49.04%     61.05% |       11383     14.63%     75.68% |       18923     24.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data::total        77802                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        1459     50.84%     50.84% |         587     20.45%     71.29% |         513     17.87%     89.16% |         311     10.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total         2870                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Exclusive_Data |        1088     12.94%     12.94% |         722      8.59%     21.53% |        4493     53.46%     74.99% |        2102     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Exclusive_Data::total         8405                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Own_GETX |          15     10.20%     10.20% |          31     21.09%     31.29% |          10      6.80%     38.10% |          91     61.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Own_GETX::total          147                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack    |         607     36.17%     36.17% |         198     11.80%     47.97% |         301     17.94%     65.91% |         572     34.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack::total         1678                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks |       10446     12.10%     12.10% |       38906     45.05%     57.15% |       15886     18.40%     75.55% |       21116     24.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks::total        86354                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |       26911      6.77%      6.77% |      215843     54.31%     61.08% |       50462     12.70%     73.78% |      104194     26.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total       397410                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data |        6542     17.64%     17.64% |        7681     20.71%     38.36% |        9387     25.31%     63.67% |       13471     36.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data::total        37081                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Load   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     50.00%     50.00% |           4     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Load::total            8                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Ifetch |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           8    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Ifetch::total            8                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack |       22033      6.02%      6.02% |      210605     57.52%     63.54% |       38213     10.44%     73.98% |       95280     26.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack::total       366131                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack_Data |        3184     16.32%     16.32% |        3560     18.25%     34.57% |        6584     33.75%     68.32% |        6181     31.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total        19509                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack_Data |         119     16.57%     16.57% |         116     16.16%     32.73% |         175     24.37%     57.10% |         308     42.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total          718                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          20     90.91%     90.91% |           2      9.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Fwd_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Fwd_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack_Data |       13531     12.12%     12.12% |       44573     39.91%     52.03% |       22906     20.51%     72.54% |       30662     27.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total       111672                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Writeback_Ack_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Writeback_Ack_Data::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS         434677      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX          86357      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTO            717      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX         111679      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTS_only       335270      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTS          50383      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Fwd_DMA             30      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.All_Acks         25550      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Data             50186      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_WBCLEANDATA        19509      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_WBDIRTYDATA       112390      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack        12093      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock         763542      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock       123435      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.DmaAck              30      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement        22991      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS        24636      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX        16234      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_GETS         1840      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_GETX         5468      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_PUTS_only        18103      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_PUTS         1406      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_GETS         8556      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_GETX         3042      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_PUTX       111673      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.Fwd_DMA           30      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_GETS          928      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_GETX          208      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_PUTO          419      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_GETS         1540      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_GETX         2686      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTO          298      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTS_only         1566      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTS          438      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L1_GETS       316272      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L1_GETX         2329      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement        10485      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_GETS          795      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_GETX          111      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_PUTS_only          201      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_PUTS          746      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L2_Replacement            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_GETS        47879      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_GETX         1519      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_PUTS_only       315400      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_PUTS        47780      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L2_Replacement          413      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS        32045      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX        54757      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement        12091      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA          419      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.Unblock         1566      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA          299      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.Unblock          438      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSW.L1_PUTS            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSW.Unblock        47780      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILSW.L1_PUTS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILSW.L1_WBCLEANDATA         1406      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IW.L1_WBCLEANDATA        18103      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SW.L1_GETS            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SW.Unblock       315400      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OXW.Unblock          201      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXW.L1_PUTS            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXW.Unblock          746      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA       111672      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXW.Unblock            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLS.Unblock         1840      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOX.Unblock          928      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOX.Exclusive_Unblock          111      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.L1_GETS           59      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.L1_GETX            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.L1_PUTX            5      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.Unblock         3520      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.Exclusive_Unblock         8286      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOSX.Unblock         1540      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.L1_GETS           47      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.Exclusive_Unblock         2686      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.L1_GETS           64      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.Data         24636      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.Unblock        24636      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGM.Data         18563      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMLS.Data         6987      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.All_Acks        25550      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.Exclusive_Unblock        25550      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock        54757      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS            5      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.Unblock       316272      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OO.Exclusive_Unblock        32045      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXS.Unblock          795      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.L1_GETS            9      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.L1_PUTS            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.Unblock        47879      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack        12091      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSI.Writeback_Ack            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXD.DmaAck           30      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
